-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 KpfYFTNf9OOMi7lsvS2P2luHgPnpOQxg9td9HB3wQTIYyQHnuWlsQZo3WHzfKR2D
 mPTDl6yUrjmBP7MP48ZS/A==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000047111-97-000008.txt : 19970318
<SEC-HEADER>0000047111-97-000008.hdr.sgml : 19970318
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000047111-97-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19961231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19970317
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HERSHEY FOODS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000047111
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				230691590
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00183
		FILM NUMBER:		97557802

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 CRYSTAL A DRIVE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 810
		CITY:			HERSHEY
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17033-0810
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7175346799

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 810
		STREET 2:		100 CRYSTAL A DIRVE
		CITY:			HERSHEY
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17033-0810

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HERSHEY CHOCOLATE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19680401
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>1996 10-K
<TEXT>

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                  UNITED STATES

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K
    (Mark One)

      
        |X|           Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)
                     of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 1996
                                       OR

       
        |-|       Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
                          Securities Exchange Act of 1934
                   For the transition period from ..... to .....

                       Registrant, State of Incorporation,
                          Address and Telephone Number
                          ----------------------------

                            Hershey Foods Corporation
    Commission                                               I.R.S. Employer
      File No.            (a Delaware Corporation)           Identification No.
      --------                                              ------------------
        1-183                100 Crystal A Drive                23-0691590
                          Hershey, Pennsylvania 17033
                             (717) 534-6799

           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                        Name of each exchange on
         Title of each class                                which registered
         -------------------                                ----------------
    Common Stock, one dollar par value                  New York Stock Exchange


           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                   Class B Common Stock, one dollar par value
                                (Title of class)

    Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes |X| No |_|

    Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. |_|

    State the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
of the Registrant as of a specified date within 60 days prior to the date of
filing.

    Common Stock, one dollar par value -- $4,402,864,458 as of March 3, 1997.

    Class B Common Stock, one dollar par value -- $7,461,816 as of March 3,
    1997. While the Class B Common Stock is not listed for public trading on any
    exchange or market system, shares of that class are convertible into shares
    of Common Stock at any time on a share-for-share basis. The market value
    indicated is calculated based on the closing price of the Common Stock on
    the New York Stock Exchange on March 3, 1997.

    Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the Registrant's
classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date.

    Common Stock,  one dollar par value --  122,314,799  shares,  as of March 3,
1997.

    Class B Common Stock, one dollar par value -- 30,470,908 shares, as of March
3, 1997.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     The Corporation's Consolidated Financial Statements and Management's
Discussion and Analysis for the year ended December 31, 1996 are included in
Appendix B to the Corporation's Proxy Statement for the Corporation's 1997
Annual Meeting of Stockholders and are incorporated by reference into Part II
and are filed as Exhibit 13 hereto. Portions of the Proxy Statement are
incorporated by reference herein into Part III.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>




                                     PART I



Item 1.  BUSINESS

    Hershey Foods Corporation and its subsidiaries (the "Corporation") are
engaged in the manufacture, distribution and sale of consumer food products. The
Corporation, primarily through its Hershey Chocolate North America, Hershey
International and Hershey Pasta and Grocery Group divisions, produces and
distributes a broad line of chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery, pasta and
grocery products.

     The Corporation was organized under the laws of the State of Delaware on
October 24, 1927, as a successor to a business founded in 1894 by Milton S.
Hershey.

    In December 1996, the Corporation acquired from an affiliate of Huhtamaki Oy
("Huhtamaki"), the international foods company based in Finland, Huhtamaki's
Leaf North America ("Leaf") confectionery operations. In addition, the parties 
entered into a trademark and technology license agreement under which the 
Corporation will manufacture and/or market and distribute in North, Central and
South America Huhtamaki's confectionery brands including GOOD & PLENTY, HEATH, 
JOLLY RANCHER, MILK DUDS, PAYDAY and WHOPPERS. Leaf's principal manufacturing 
facilities are located in Denver, Colorado; Memphis, Tennessee; and Robinson, 
Illinois.

    Also in December 1996, the Corporation completed the sale to Huhtamaki of
the outstanding shares of Gubor Holding GmbH ("Gubor") and Sperlari, S.r.l.
("Sperlari"). Gubor manufactures and markets high-quality assorted pralines and
seasonal chocolate products in Germany and Sperlari manufactures and markets
various confectionery and grocery products in Italy.

    The Corporation's principal product groups include: chocolate and
non-chocolate confectionery products sold in the form of bar goods, bagged items
and boxed items; grocery products in the form of baking ingredients, chocolate
drink mixes, peanut butter, dessert toppings and beverages; and pasta products
sold in a variety of shapes, sizes and packages. The Corporation believes it is
a major factor in these product groups in North America. Operating profit
margins vary considerably among individual products and brands. Generally, such
margins on chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery products are greater than
those on pasta and other food products.

    In North America, the Corporation manufactures chocolate and non-chocolate
confectionery products in a variety of packaged forms and markets them under
more than 50 brands. The different packaged forms include various arrangements
of the same bar products, such as boxes, trays and bags, as well as a variety of
different sizes and weights of the same bar product, such as snack size,
standard, king size, large and giant bars. Among the principal chocolate and
non-chocolate confectionery products in the United States are: HERSHEY'S COOKIES
'N' CREME chocolate bars, HERSHEY'S COOKIES 'N' MINT chocolate bars, HERSHEY'S
HUGS chocolates, HERSHEY'S HUGS WITH ALMONDS chocolates, HERSHEY'S KISSES
chocolates, HERSHEY'S KISSES WITH ALMONDS chocolates, HERSHEY'S milk chocolate
bars, HERSHEY'S milk chocolate bars with almonds, HERSHEY'S MINIATURES chocolate
bars, HERSHEY'S NUGGETS chocolates, AMAZIN' FRUIT gummy bears fruit candy,
CADBURY'S CREME EGGS candy, CARAMELLO candy bars, KIT KAT wafer bars, LUDEN'S
throat drops, MR. GOODBAR milk chocolate bars with peanuts, PETER PAUL ALMOND
JOY candy bars, PETER PAUL MOUNDS candy bars, REESE'S NUTRAGEOUS candy bars,
REESE'S peanut butter cups, REESE'S PIECES candies, ROLO caramels in milk
chocolate, SKOR toffee bars, SYMPHONY milk chocolate bars, SWEET ESCAPES candy
bars, TASTETATIONS candy, TWIZZLERS candy, WHATCHAMACALLIT candy bars, YORK
peppermint pattie candy and 5TH AVENUE candy bars. Principal products in Canada
include CHIPITS chocolate chips, GLOSETTE chocolate-covered raisins, peanuts and
almonds, OH HENRY! candy bars, POT OF GOLD boxed chocolates, REESE PEANUT BUTTER
CUPS candy, and TWIZZLERS candy. The Corporation also manufactures, imports,
markets, sells and distributes chocolate products in Mexico under the HERSHEY'S
brand name.


                                        1

<PAGE>





    The Corporation manufactures and markets a line of grocery products in the
baking, beverage, peanut butter and toppings categories. Principal products in
the United States include HERSHEY'S baking chips, HERSHEY'S drink boxes,
HERSHEY'S chocolate milk mix, HERSHEY'S cocoa, HERSHEY'S CHOCOLATE SHOPPE
toppings, HERSHEY'S HOT COCOA COLLECTION hot cocoa mix, HERSHEY'S syrup, REESE'S
peanut butter and REESE'S peanut butter baking chips. HERSHEY'S chocolate milk
is produced and sold under license by certain independent dairies throughout the
United States, using a chocolate milk mix manufactured by the Corporation. Ice
cream, baking and various other products are produced and sold under the
HERSHEY'S and REESE'S brand names by third parties who have been granted
licenses by the Corporation to use these trademarks.

    The Corporation manufactures and sells quality pasta products throughout the
United States. The Corporation markets its products on a regional basis under
several brand names, including AMERICAN BEAUTY, IDEAL BY SAN GIORGIO, LIGHT 'N
FLUFFY, MRS. WEISS, P&R, RONZONI, SAN GIORGIO and SKINNER, as well as certain
private labels.

    The Corporation's products are sold primarily to grocery wholesalers, chain
grocery stores, candy distributors, mass merchandisers, chain drug stores,
vending companies, wholesale clubs, convenience stores, concessionaires and food
distributors by full-time sales representatives, food brokers and part-time
retail sales merchandisers throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico. The
Corporation believes its products are sold in over 2 million retail outlets in
North America. In 1996, sales to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Subsidiaries amounted
to approximately 12% of total net sales.

  In Japan, China and Russia/CIS, the Corporation imports and/or markets
selected confectionery and grocery products. The Corporation also exports
chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery products to over 60 countries
worldwide.

    The Corporation's marketing strategy is based upon the consistently superior
quality of its products, mass distribution and the best possible consumer value
in terms of price and weight. In addition, the Corporation devotes considerable
resources to the identification, development, testing, manufacturing and
marketing of new products. The Corporation utilizes a variety of promotional
programs for customers and advertising and promotional programs for consumers.
The Corporation employs promotional programs at various times during the year to
stimulate sales of certain products. Chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery
and grocery seasonal and holiday-related sales have typically been highest
during the third and fourth quarters of the year.

    The Corporation recognizes that the mass distribution of its consumer food
products is an important element in maintaining sales growth and providing
service to its customers. The Corporation attempts to meet the changing demands
of its customers by planning optimum stock levels and reasonable delivery times
consistent with achievement of efficiencies in distribution. To achieve these
objectives, the Corporation has developed a distribution network from its
manufacturing plants, distribution centers and field warehouses strategically
located throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico. The Corporation uses a
combination of public and contract carriers to deliver its products from the
distribution points to its customers. In conjunction with sales and marketing
efforts, the distribution system has been instrumental in the effective
promotion of new, as well as established, products on both national and regional
scales.

    From time to time, the Corporation has changed the prices and weights of its
products to accommodate changes in manufacturing costs, the competitive
environment and profit objectives, while at the same time maintaining consumer
value. The last standard candy bar price increase was implemented by the
Corporation in December 1995, resulting in a wholesale price increase of
approximately 11% on its standard and king-size candy bars sold in the United
States.

    The most significant raw material used in the production of the
Corporation's chocolate products is cocoa beans. This commodity is imported
principally from West African, South American and Far Eastern equatorial
regions. West Africa accounts for approximately 60% of the world's crop. Cocoa
beans are not uniform, and the various grades and varieties reflect the diverse
agricultural practices and natural conditions found in the many growing areas.
The Corporation buys a mix of cocoa beans to meet its manufacturing
requirements.



                                        2

<PAGE>

    The table below sets forth annual average cocoa prices as well as the
highest and lowest monthly averages for each of the calendar years indicated.
The prices are the monthly average of the quotations at noon of the three active
futures trading contracts closest to maturity on the New York Coffee, Sugar and
Cocoa Exchange. Because of the Corporation's forward purchasing practices
discussed below, and premium prices paid for certain varieties of cocoa beans,
these average futures contract prices are not necessarily indicative of the
Corporation's average cost of cocoa beans or cocoa products.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                          Cocoa Futures Contract Prices
                                (cents per pound)

                                   1992        1993        1994        1995        1996
                                   ----        ----        ----        ----        ----
<S>                                <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
    Annual Average.........        47.6        47.3        59.1        61.2        62.1
    High...................        56.2        56.7        66.1        64.1        64.4
    Low....................        41.3        41.8        51.3        58.3        57.4
</TABLE>

Source: International Cocoa Organization Quarterly Bulletin of Cocoa Statistics

    The Federal Agricultural and Improvement Reform Act of 1996, which is a
seven-year farm bill, was signed into law in April 1996. This legislation
impacts the prices of sugar, peanuts, and milk because it sets price support
levels for these commodities.

    The price of sugar, the Corporation's second most important commodity for
its domestic chocolate and confectionery products, is subject to price supports
under the above referenced farm legislation. Due to import quotas and duties
imposed to support the price of sugar established by that legislation, sugar
prices paid by United States users are currently substantially higher than
prices on the world sugar market. The average wholesale list price of refined
sugar, F.O.B. Northeast, has remained relatively stable in a range of $.28
to $.35 per pound for the past ten years.

    Peanut prices were firm throughout the first three quarters of 1996,
averaging about 10 - 20% higher than 1995. During the fourth quarter of 1996,
prices returned to the 1995 levels as a result of the harvest of an above
average new crop.

    Dairy prices reached historically high levels in 1996 as the high price of
dairy feeds negatively impacted milk production. While dairy product prices fell
to 1995 levels during the fourth quarter as a result of inventory buildup and
consumer price resistance, fluid milk prices did not fall to lower levels until
the first quarter of 1997 as such pricing formulas lag the prices of other dairy
products.

    Almond prices remained at unprecedented high levels for the first three
quarters of 1996. A slight decline in prices resulted during the fourth quarter
as the new crop was harvested, but prices remained at historically high levels.

    Pasta is made from semolina milled from durum wheat, a class of hard wheat
grown in the United States and Canada. The Corporation purchases semolina from
commercial mills and is also engaged in custom milling agreements to obtain
sufficient quantities of semolina. In the first half of 1996, the market price
for durum semolina remained near historic highs. Durum wheat production during
1996 increased in almost every area of the world, resulting in some price
declines in the last quarter of the year. However, prices remained well above
long-term historical price levels.

    The Corporation attempts to minimize the effect of price fluctuations
related to the purchase of its major raw materials primarily through the forward
purchasing of such commodities to cover future manufacturing requirements
generally for periods ranging from 3 to 24 months. With regard to cocoa, sugar
and corn sweeteners, price risks are also managed by entering into futures and
options contracts. At the present time, similar futures and options contracts
are not available for use in pricing the Corporation's other major raw
materials. Futures contracts are used in combination with forward purchasing of
cocoa, sugar and corn sweetener requirements principally to take advantage of
market fluctuations which provide more favorable pricing opportunities and to
increase diversity or flexibility in sourcing these raw materials. The
Corporation's commodity procurement practices are intended to reduce the risk of
future price increases, but also may potentially limit the Corporation's ability
to benefit from possible price decreases.

    The primary effect on liquidity from using futures contracts is associated
with margin requirements related to cocoa and sugar futures. Cash outflows and
inflows result from original margins which are "good faith deposits" established
by the New York Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange to ensure that market
participants will meet their contractual financial obligations. Additionally,
variation margin payments and receipts are required when the value of open
positions is adjusted to reflect daily price movements. The magnitude of such
cash inflows and outflows is dependent upon price coverage levels and the
volatility of the market. Historically, cash flows related to margin
requirements have not been material to the Corporation's total working capital
requirements.
                                        3

<PAGE>



    The Corporation manages the purchase of forward and futures contracts by
developing and monitoring procurement strategies for each of its major
commodities. These procurement strategies, including the use of futures
contracts to hedge the pricing of cocoa, sugar and corn sweeteners, are directly
linked to the overall planning and management of the Corporation's business,
since the cost of raw materials accounts for a significant portion of the cost
of finished goods. Procurement strategies with regard to cocoa, sugar and other
major raw material requirements are developed by the analysis of fundamentals,
including weather and crop analysis, and by discussions with market analysts,
brokers and dealers. Procurement strategies are determined, implemented and
monitored on a regular basis by senior management. Procurement activities for
all major commodities are also reported to the Board of Directors on a regular
basis.

    The Corporation has license agreements with several companies to manufacture
and/or sell products worldwide. Among the more significant are agreements with
affiliated companies of Cadbury Schweppes p.l.c. to manufacture and/or market
and distribute PETER PAUL ALMOND JOY and PETER PAUL MOUNDS confectionery
products worldwide as well as YORK, CADBURY and CARAMELLO confectionery products
in the United States. The Corporation's rights under these agreements are
extendable on a long-term basis at the Corporation's option. The license for
CADBURY and CARAMELLO products is subject to a minimum sales requirement which
the Corporation exceeded in 1996. The Corporation also has an agreement with
Societe des Produits Nestle SA, which licenses the Corporation to manufacture
and distribute KIT KAT and ROLO confectionery products in the United States. The
Corporation's rights under this agreement are extendable on a long-term basis at
the Corporation's option, subject to certain conditions, including minimum unit
volume sales. In 1996, the minimum volume requirements were exceeded. The
Corporation has also entered into an agreement with Huhtamaki pursuant to which
it licenses the use of certain trademarks, including the GOOD & PLENTY, HEATH,
JOLLY RANCHER, MILK DUDS, PAYDAY and WHOPPERS brands in the North, Central and
South American regions. The Corporation's rights under this agreement are
extendable on a long-term basis at the Corporation's option.

Competition

    Many of the Corporation's brands enjoy wide consumer acceptance and are
among the leading brands sold in the marketplace. However, these brands are sold
in highly competitive markets and compete with many other multinational,
national, regional and local firms, some of which have resources in excess of
those available to the Corporation.

Trademarks

    The Corporation owns various registered and unregistered trademarks and
service marks, and has rights under licenses to use various trademarks which are
of material importance to the Corporation's business.

Backlog of Orders

    The Corporation manufactures primarily for stock and fills customer orders
from finished goods inventories. While at any given time there may be some
backlog of orders, such backlog is not material in respect to total sales, nor
are the changes from time to time significant.

Research and Development

      The Corporation engages in a variety of research activities. These
principally involve development of new products, improvement in the quality of
existing products, improvement and modernization of production processes, and
the development and implementation of new technologies to enhance the quality
and value of both current and proposed product lines.

Regulation

    The Corporation's domestic plants are subject to inspection by the Food and
Drug Administration and various other governmental agencies, and its products
must comply with regulations under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and
with various comparable state statutes regulating the manufacturing and
marketing of food products.

Environmental Considerations

    In the past the Corporation has made investments based on compliance with
environmental laws and regulations. Such expenditures have not been material
with respect to the Corporation's capital expenditures, earnings or competitive
position.


                                        4

<PAGE>



Employees

    As of December 31, 1996, the Corporation had approximately 14,000 full-time
and 1,300 part-time employees, of whom approximately 6,000 were covered by
collective bargaining agreements. The Corporation considers its employee
relations to be good.

Financial Information by Geographic Area

    Information concerning the Corporation's geographic segments is contained in
Footnote 16 of the Corporation's Consolidated Financial Statements and
Management's Discussion and Analysis included in Appendix B to the Proxy
Statement for its 1997 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Proxy Statement"),
which information is incorporated herein by reference and filed as Exhibit 13
hereto.

Item 2.   PROPERTIES

      The following is a list of the Corporation's principal manufacturing
properties. The Corporation owns each of these properties.

      UNITED STATES
          Hershey, Pennsylvania - confectionery and grocery products (3
                                     principal plants)
          Lancaster, Pennsylvania - confectionery products 
          Oakdale, California -  confectionery and grocery products 
          Robinson, Illinois - confectionery products 
          Stuarts Draft, Virginia - confectionery products 
          Winchester, Virginia - pasta products

      CANADA
          Smiths Falls, Ontario - confectionery products

      In addition to the locations indicated above, the Corporation owns or
leases several other properties used for manufacturing chocolate and
non-chocolate confectionery, grocery and pasta products and for sales,
distribution and administrative functions.

      The Corporation's plants are efficient and well maintained. These plants
generally have adequate capacity and can accommodate seasonal demands, changing
product mixes and certain additional growth. The largest plants are located in
Hershey, Pennsylvania. Many additions and improvements have been made to these
facilities over the years and the plants' manufacturing equipment includes
equipment of the latest type and technology.

Item 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

      The Corporation has no material pending legal proceedings, other than
ordinary routine litigation incidental to its business.

Item 4.   SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

      Not applicable.




                                        5

<PAGE>




                                     PART II


Item 5.   MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
          MATTERS

      Information concerning the principal United States trading market for,
market prices of and dividends on the Corporation's Common Stock and Class B
Common Stock, and the approximate number of stockholders, may be found in the
section "Market Prices and Dividends" on pages B-7 and B-8 of the Corporation's
Consolidated Financial Statements and Management's Discussion and Analysis
included in Appendix B to the Proxy Statement which is deemed to be part of the
Annual Report to Stockholders and which information is incorporated herein by
reference and filed as Exhibit 13 hereto.

Item 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

      The following information, for the five years ended December 31, 1996,
found in the section "Eleven-Year Consolidated Financial Summary" on pages B-30
through B-32 of the Corporation's Consolidated Financial Statements and
Management's Discussion and Analysis included in Appendix B to the Proxy
Statement, is incorporated herein by reference and filed as Exhibit 13 hereto:
Net Sales; Income from Continuing Operations Before Accounting Changes; Income
Per Share from Continuing Operations Before Accounting Changes (excluding Notes
h, i, j and k); Dividends Paid on Common Stock (and related Per Share amounts);
Dividends Paid on Class B Common Stock (and related Per Share amounts); Long-
term Portion of Debt; and Total Assets.

Item 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
          RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

      The section "Management's Discussion and Analysis," found on pages B-1
through B-8 of the Corporation's Consolidated Financial Statements and
Management's Discussion and Analysis included in Appendix B to the Proxy
Statement, is incorporated herein by reference and filed as Exhibit 13 hereto.

Item 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

      The following audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation
and its subsidiaries are found at the indicated pages in the Corporation's
Consolidated Financial Statements and Management's Discussion and Analysis
included in Appendix B to the Proxy Statement, and such financial statements,
along with the report of the independent public accountants thereon, are
incorporated herein by reference and filed as Exhibit 13 hereto.

           1.  Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December
               31, 1996, 1995 and 1994. (Page B-9)

           2.  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1996 and 1995.
               (Page B-10)

           3.  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
               December 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994.  (Page B-11)

           4.  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years
               ended December 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994.  (Page B-12)

           5.  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Pages B-13 through
               B-27), including "Quarterly Data (Unaudited)."  (Page B-27)

           6.  Report of Independent Public Accountants.  (Page B-29)


Item 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
           FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

           None.



                                        6

<PAGE>



                                    PART III


Item 10.   DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

    The names, ages, positions held with the Corporation, periods of service as
a director, principal occupations, business experience and other directorships
of nominees for director of the Corporation are set forth in the section
"Election of Directors" in the Proxy Statement. This information is incorporated
herein by reference.

Executive Officers of the Corporation as of March 3, 1997
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

            Name                  Age                      Positions Held During the Last Five Years
            ----                  ---                      -----------------------------------------

<S>                               <C>      <C>
K. L. Wolfe.....................  58       Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (1993); President and Chief
                                           Operating Officer (1985)

J. P. Viviano...................  58       President and Chief Operating Officer (1993); President, Hershey Chocolate
                                           U.S.A., now Hershey Chocolate North America, a division of Hershey Foods
                                           Corporation (1985)

W. F. Christ ...................  56       Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (1994); President, Hershey
                                           International, a division of Hershey Foods Corporation (1988)

R. Brace  ......................  53       Vice President, Operations (1997); Vice President, Manufacturing, Hershey
                                           Chocolate North America (1995); Vice President, Manufacturing, Hershey
                                           Chocolate U.S.A. (1987)

J. F. Carr  ....................  52       President, Hershey Pasta and Grocery Group, a division of Hershey Foods
                                           Corporation (1997); President, Hershey International (1994); Vice President,
                                           Marketing, Hershey Chocolate U.S.A. (1984)

M. F. Pasquale..................  49       President, Hershey Chocolate North America (1995); President, Hershey
                                           Chocolate U.S.A. (1994); Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
                                           (1988)

R. M. Reese ....................  47       Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary (1995); Vice President and
                                           General Counsel (1992)

C. M. Skinner...................  63       Vice Chair, Hershey Pasta and Grocery Group (1997); President, Hershey Pasta
                                           and Grocery Group (1996); President, Hershey Pasta Group (1984)

D. W. Tacka.....................  43       Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (1995); Vice President,
                                           Finance and Administration, Hershey Pasta Group (1989)
- ------------------
</TABLE>

    There are no family relationships among any of the above-named officers of
the Corporation.

    Corporate Officers and Division Presidents are generally elected each year
at the organization meeting of the Board of Directors following the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders in April.

    Reporting of inadvertent late filings of a Securities and Exchange
Commission Form 4 under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, is set forth in the section of the Proxy Statement "Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance."


                                        7

<PAGE>



Item 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

    Information concerning compensation of the five most highly-compensated
executive officers, including the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer, of the Corporation individually, and compensation of directors, is set
forth in the sections "1996 Executive Compensation" and "Compensation of
Directors" in the Proxy Statement. This information is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

    Information concerning ownership of the Corporation's voting securities by
certain beneficial owners, individual nominees for directors, and by management,
including the five most highly-compensated executive officers, is set forth in
the section "Voting Securities" in the Proxy Statement. This information is
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

    Information concerning "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" is
set forth in the section "Certain Transactions and Relationships" in the Proxy
Statement. This information is incorporated herein by reference.



                                     PART IV


Item 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

Item 14(a)(1):  Financial Statements

    The audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries and the Report of Independent Public Accountants thereon, as
required to be filed with this report, are set forth in Item 8 of this report
and are incorporated therein by reference to specific pages of the Corporation's
Consolidated Financial Statements and Management's Discussion and Analysis
included in Appendix B to the Proxy Statement and filed as Exhibit 13 hereto.

Item 14(a)(2):  Financial Statement Schedule

    The following consolidated financial statement schedule of the Corporation
and its subsidiaries for the years ended December 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994 is
filed herewith on the indicated page in response to Item 14(d):

    Schedule II     --  Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (Page 14)

    Other schedules have been omitted as not applicable or required, or because
information required is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes
thereto.

    Financial statements of the parent corporation only are omitted because the
Corporation is primarily an operating corporation and there are no significant
restricted net assets of consolidated and unconsolidated subsidiaries.

Item 14(a)(3):  Exhibits

    The following items are attached or incorporated by reference in response to
Item 14(c):

    (3)  Articles of Incorporation and By-laws

        The Corporation's Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, is
        incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3 to the Corporation's Quarterly
        Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 1988. The By-laws, as
        amended on October 3, 1995, are incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3
        to the Corporation's Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October
        1, 1995.


                                        8

<PAGE>



    (4)  Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including
         indentures

        The Corporation has issued certain  long-term debt  instruments,  no one
        class of which creates indebtedness exceeding 10% of the total assets of
        the Corporation  and its  subsidiaries  on a consolidated  basis.  These
        classes consist of the following:

          a.   8.85% to 9.92% Medium-Term Notes due 1997-1998

          b.   6.7% Notes due 2005

          c.   6.95% Notes due 2007

          d.   8.8% Debentures due 2021

          e.   Other Obligations

         The Corporation will furnish copies of the above debt instruments to
the Commission upon request.

    (10) Material contracts

          a.    Kit Kat and Rolo License Agreement (the "License Agreement")
                between Hershey Foods Corporation and Rowntree Mackintosh
                Confectionery Limited is incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                10(a) to the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                fiscal year ended December 31, 1980.  The License Agreement was
                amended in 1988 and the Amendment Agreement is incorporated by
                reference from Exhibit 19 to the Corporation's Quarterly Report
                on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 3, 1988.  The License
                Agreement was assigned by Rowntree Mackintosh Confectionery
                Limited to Societe des Produits Nestle SA as of January 1, 1990.
                The Assignment Agreement is incorporated by reference from
                Exhibit 19 to the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
                the fiscal year ended December 31, 1990.

          b.    Peter  Paul/York   Domestic   Trademark  &  Technology   License
                Agreement   between   Hershey  Foods   Corporation  and  Cadbury
                Schweppes  Inc. (now CBI Holdings,  Inc.) dated August 25, 1988,
                is   incorporated   by  reference   from  Exhibit  2(a)  to  the
                Corporation's  Current  Report  on Form 8-K dated  September  8,
                1988.  This  agreement  was assigned by the  Corporation  to its
                wholly owned subsidiary,  Homestead,  Inc., effective January 1,
                1997.

          c.    Cadbury Trademark & Technology License Agreement among Hershey
                Foods Corporation and Cadbury Schweppes Inc. (now CBI Holdings,
                Inc.) and Cadbury Limited dated August 25, 1988, is incorporated
                by reference from Exhibit 2(a) to the Corporation's Current
                Report on Form 8-K dated September 8, 1988.

          d.    364-Day Credit  Agreement among Hershey Foods  Corporation,  the
                banks,  financial  institutions and other institutional  lenders
                listed on the signature  pages  thereof,  and Citibank,  N.A. as
                administrative agent bank and Citicorp  Securities,  Inc. and BA
                Securities,  Inc. as  co-syndication  agents, is incorporated by
                reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Corporation's  Current Report
                on Form 8-K dated January 29, 1996. The 364-Day Credit Agreement
                was amended and renewed in late 1996 and the Amendment Agreement
                is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1.

          e.    Five-Year Credit Agreement among Hershey Foods Corporation,  the
                banks,  financial  institutions and other institutional  lenders
                listed on the signature  pages  thereof,  and Citibank,  N.A. as
                administrative agent bank and Citicorp  Securities,  Inc. and BA
                Securities,  Inc. as  co-syndication  agents, is incorporated by
                reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Corporation's  Current Report
                on Form  8-K  dated  January  29,  1996.  The  Five-Year  Credit
                Agreement was amended and renewed in late 1996 and the Amendment
                Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2.

          f.    Trademark and Technology License Agreement between Huhtamaki and
                Hershey Foods Corporation dated December 30, 1996, is
                incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10 to the Corporation's
                Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 26, 1997. This
                agreement was assigned by the Corporation to its wholly owned
                subsidiary, Homestead, Inc., effective January 1, 1997.


                                        9

<PAGE>



          Executive Compensation Plans

          g.    The 1987 Key Employee Incentive Plan, as amended, is
                incorporated by reference from Exhibit 19(i) to the
                Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
                ended December 31, 1994.

          h.    Hershey Foods Corporation's Restated Supplemental Executive
                Retirement Plan is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 19(ii)
                to the Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                year ended December 31, 1994.

          i.    Hershey Foods Corporation's Non-Management Director Retirement
                Plan is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 19 to the
                Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
                ended March 29, 1992.

          j.    Hershey Foods Corporation's Deferral Plan for Non-Management
                Directors is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10 to the
                Corporation's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
                ended December 31, 1992.

          k.    A form of the Benefit Protection Agreements entered into between
                the Corporation and certain of its executive officers is
                incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10 to the Corporation's
                Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
                31, 1994.

          l.    Hershey Foods Corporation's Deferred Compensation Plan, as
                revised, is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.3.

          m.    Hershey Foods Directors' Compensation Plan which is attached
                hereto as Exhibit 10.4.


    (12) Computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges statement

         A computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges for the years ended
         December 31, 1996, 1995, 1994, 1993 and 1992 is filed as Exhibit 12
         hereto.

    (13) Annual report to security holders

         The  Corporation's Consolidated  Financial  Statements and Management's
         Discussion and Analysis is included in Appendix B to the Proxy 
         Statement and is filed as Exhibit 13 hereto.

    (21) Subsidiaries of the Registrant

         A list setting forth subsidiaries of the Corporation is filed as
         Exhibit 21 hereto.


    (23) Consent of Independent Public Accountants

                                  10

<PAGE>



                                   SIGNATURES

    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Corporation has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION
                                                       (Registrant)


Date: March 17, 1997                   By             W. F. CHRIST
                                         ------------------------------------
                                         (W. F. Christ, Senior Vice President
                                          and Chief Financial Officer)


     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Corporation and in the capacities and on the date indicated.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

    Signature                     Title                                                       Date
    ---------                     -----                                                       ----

<S>                              <C>                                                    <C>

 K. L. WOLFE                      Chief Executive Officer and Director                   March 17, 1997
  (K. L. Wolfe)



 W. F. CHRIST                     Chief Financial Officer                                March 17, 1997
  (W. F. Christ)



 D. W. TACKA                      Chief Accounting Officer                               March 17, 1997
  (D.W. Tacka)



 J. P. VIVIANO                    Director                                               March 17, 1997
  (J. P. Viviano)


 W. H. ALEXANDER                  Director                                               March 17, 1997
  (W. H. Alexander)


 R. H. CAMPBELL                   Director                                               March 17, 1997
  (R. H. Campbell)



 C. M. EVARTS                     Director                                               March 17, 1997
   (C. M. Evarts)



 T. C. GRAHAM                     Director                                               March 17, 1997
   (T. C. Graham)


 B. GUITON HILL                    Director                                               March 17, 1997
   (B. Guiton Hill)



                                       11

<PAGE>



     Signature                     Title                                                       Date
     ---------                     -----                                                       ----


 J. C. JAMISON                   Director                                               March 17, 1997
  (J. C. Jamison)



 M. J. MCDONALD                  Director                                               March 17, 1997
  (M. J. McDonald)



 J. M. PIETRUSKI                 Director                                               March 17, 1997
  (J. M. Pietruski)



 V. A. SARNI                     Director                                               March 17, 1997
    (V. A. Sarni)

</TABLE>


                                       12

<PAGE>



              REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ON SCHEDULE

To Hershey Foods Corporation:

We have audited, in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, the
consolidated financial statements included in Hershey Foods Corporation's Proxy
Statement for its 1997 Annual Meeting of Stockholders incorporated by reference
in this Form 10-K, and have issued our report thereon dated January 27, 1997.
Our audit was made for the purpose of forming an opinion on those financial 
statements taken as a whole. The schedule listed on page 8 in Item 14(a)(2)is
the responsibility of the Corporation's management and is presented for purposes
of complying with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and is not part
of the basic financial statements. This schedule has been subjected to the 
auditing procedures applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and,
in our opinion, fairly states in all material respects the financial data 
required to be set forth therein in relation to the basic financial statements 
taken as a whole.



                               ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

New York, New York
January 27, 1997



  
                                       13

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                                      Schedule II

                                      HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                 SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                               For the Years Ended December 31, 1996, 1995 and 1994

                                              (in thousands of dollars)



                                                                                    Additions
                                                                           -------------------------
                                                         Balance at        Charged to       Charged        Deductions    Balance
                                                         Beginning         Costs and        to Other        from         at End
            Description                                  of Period         Expenses         Accounts (a)   Reserves      of Period
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                                      <C>              <C>               <C>            <C>           <C>
Year Ended December 31, 1996:
   Reserves deducted in the 
   balance sheet from the assets 
   to which they apply:
         Accounts Receivable -Trade ................     $  14,801        $   1,238         $     298      $ (2,278)     $14,059
                                                         =========        =========         =========      ========      =======




Year Ended December 31, 1995: 
   Reserves deducted in the 
   balance sheet from the assets 
   to which they apply:
         Accounts Receivable -Trade.................     $  13,972        $   1,318         $    (432)         $(57)     $14,801
                                                         =========        =========         =========          ====      =======




Year Ended December 31, 1994: 
   Reserves deducted in the 
   balance sheet from the assets 
   to which they apply:
         Accounts Receivable -Trade.................     $  12,479        $   3,144         $  (1,016)          $(635)   $13,972
                                                         =========        =========         =========           =====    =======

</TABLE>

- -----------------------------------


(a)   Includes recoveries of amounts previously written off.

                                     14
<PAGE>

                                      

              HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K


                               Index to Exhibits



Exhibit No.
- -----------



10.1       - Amended and Restated 364-Day Credit Agreement

10.2       - Amended and Restated Five-Year Credit Agreement

10.3       - Hershey Foods Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan

10.4       - Hershey Foods Corporation Directors' Compensation Plan

12         - Computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges statement

13         - Consolidated Financial Statements and Management's Discussion and
             Analysis for the year ended December 31, 1996

21         - Subsidiaries of Registrant

23         - Consent of Independent Public Accountants




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>AMEND-MATERIAL CONTRACT
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1


                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                            364-DAY CREDIT AGREEMENT




                                                   Dated as of December 13, 1996


               THIS  AMENDED  AND  RESTATED   364-DAY  CREDIT   AGREEMENT  (this
"Amendment  and  Restatement")  among  HERSHEY  FOODS  CORPORATION,  a  Delaware
corporation  (the  "Company"),  the  banks,  financial  institutions  and  other
institutional  lenders  parties  to  the  Credit  Agreement  referred  to  below
(collectively,  the "Lenders"),  CITIBANK, N.A. ("Citibank"),  as administrative
agent (the  "Agent")  for the  Lenders,  and BA  SECURITIES,  INC.  and CITICORP
SECURITIES,  INC.,  as  co-syndication  agents (the "Co-Syndication  Agents"),
evidences the agreement of the parties as follows:

         PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS:

               (1) The Company,  the Lenders,  the Agent and the  Co-Syndication
Agents have entered  into a 364-Day  Credit  Agreement  dated as of December 15,
1995 (the "Credit  Agreement").  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this
Amendment  and  Restatement  have the same  meanings as  specified in the Credit
Agreement.

               (2) The Company  and the Lenders  have agreed to amend the Credit
Agreement as  hereinafter  set forth and to restate the Credit  Agreement in its
entirety  to read as set  forth in the  Credit  Agreement  with  the  amendments
specified below.

               (3) The Lenders are, on the terms and  conditions  stated  below,
willing to grant the request of the Company and the Company and the Lenders have
agreed to amend and restate the Credit Agreement as hereinafter set forth.

               SECTION 1. Amendments to Credit  Agreement.  The Credit Agreement
is,  effective  as of the date  hereof and  subject to the  satisfaction  of the
conditions precedent set forth in Section 2, hereby amended as follows:

                   (a)     The definition of the term "Termination Date"
                  appearing in Section 1.01 is amended in full to read
                  as follows:

                           "'Termination Date' means the earlier of (a) December
                  12, 1997 or, if the Termination  Date is extended  pursuant to
                  Section  2.18(a),  the date to which the  Termination  Date is
                  extended  pursuant  to  Section  2.18(a),  and (b) the date of
                  termination  in whole of the  Commitments  pursuant to Section
                  2.05 (a), 2.05 (b) or 6.01."



<PAGE>




                  (b) Section 2.04 is amended by deleting the percentage  ".05 %
                  "  in  the  ninth  line  therein  and  substituting  for  such
                  percentage the percentage ".035 % ".

                  (c) Section  2.07(a)(ii) is amended by deleting the percentage
                  ".15 % " in the fifth line therein and  substituting  for such
                  percentage the percentage ".14 % ".

                  (d) Section 4.01 (e) is amended by deleting the reference to "
                  December  31,  1994" in each  place in  which it  appears  and
                  substituting  "December 31, 1995"  therefor,  and deleting the
                  reference  to  "October  1,  1995"  in each  place in which it
                  appears and substituting "September 29, 1996" therefor.

               SECTION  2.  Conditions  of  Effectiveness.  This  Amendment  and
Restatement  shall become effective as of the date first above written when, and
only when,  the Agent shall have  received  counterparts  of this  Amendment and
Restatement  executed by the Company and all of the Lenders or, as to any of the
Lenders,  advice  satisfactory  to the Agent that such Lender has executed  this
Amendment and  Restatement and when the Agent shall have  additionally  received
all of the following documents,  each such document (unless otherwise specified)
dated the date of receipt thereof by the Agent (unless otherwise  specified) and
in sufficient copies for each Lender, in form and substance  satisfactory to the
Agent (unless otherwise specified):

                       (a) Certified  copies of (i) the resolutions of the Board
                  of  Directors  of the Company  approving  this  Amendment  and
                  Restatement and (ii) all documents  evidencing other necessary
                  corporate  action and  governmental  approvals,  if any,  with
                  respect to this Amendment and Restatement.

                       (b) A  certificate  of  the  Secretary  or  an  Assistant
                  Secretary  of  the  Company  certifying  the  names  and  true
                  signatures  of the officers of the Company  authorized to sign
                  this Amendment and  Restatement  and the other documents to be
                  delivered hereunder.

                       (c)  A  favorable   opinion  of  Robert  M.  Reese,  Vice
                  President and General Counsel of the Company, in substantially
                  the form of Exhibit A hereto  and as to such other  matters as
                  any Lender through the Agent may reasonably request.

                       (d) A favorable  opinion of Shearman & Sterling,  counsel
                  for the  Agent,  in form  and  substance  satisfactory  to the
                  Agent.

                       (e) A certificate signed by a duly authorized officer of
                  the Company stating that:






<PAGE>




                   (i) The representations  and warranties  contained in Section
         4.01 of the Credit Agreement (except the  representations  set forth in
         the last  sentence of  subsection  (e) thereof  and in  subsection  (f)
         thereof (other than clause (i)(B)  thereof) and in Section 3 hereof are
         correct on and as of the date of such certificate as though made on and
         as of such date; and

                   (ii)    No event has occurred and is continuing that
         constitutes a Default.

               SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company.  The
Company represents and warrants as follows:

                  (a) The execution,  delivery and performance by the Company of
this Amendment and Restatement are within the Company's  corporate powers,  have
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not contravene (i)
the Company's charter or by-laws or (ii) any law or any contractual  restriction
binding on or affecting the Company,  except where such contravention  would not
be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (b) No  authorization  or approval or other  action by, and no
notice to or filing with, any  governmental  authority or regulatory body or any
other third party is required for the due execution,  delivery or performance by
the  Company of this  Amendment  and  Restatement,  except  where the  Company's
failure to receive, take or make such authorization, approval, action, notice or
filing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

                  (c) This Amendment and  Restatement has been duly executed and
delivered by the Company.  This Amendment and Restatement is a legal,  valid and
binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms, subject to applicable  bankruptcy,  reorganization,  insolvency,
moratorium or similar laws  affecting  creditors'  rights  generally and general
principles of equity.

                  SECTION 4.  Reference  to and Effect on the Credit  Agreement.
(a) On and after the  effectiveness  of this  Amendment  and  Restatement,  each
reference in the Credit Agreement to "this Agreement",  "hereunder", "hereof" or
words of like  import  referring  to the Credit  Agreement,  shall mean and be a
reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended and restated by this Amendment and
Restatement.

                   (b)  The  Credit  Agreement,   as  specifically  amended  and
restated by this Amendment and Restatement,  is and shall continue to be in full
force and effect and is hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed.









<PAGE>



                  (c)  The  execution,   delivery  and   effectiveness  of  this
Amendment  and  Restatement  shall not,  except as  expressly  provided  herein,
operate  as a waiver of any  right,  power or remedy of any  Lender or the Agent
under the Credit  Agreement,  nor  constitute  a waiver of any  provision of the
Credit Agreement.

               SECTION 5. Costs,  Expenses.  The Company agrees to pay on demand
all  costs  and  expenses  of the  Agent in  connection  with  the  preparation,
execution,  delivery  and  administration,  modification  and  amendment of this
Amendment  and  Restatement  and  the  other  instruments  and  documents  to be
delivered  hereunder  (including,  without  limitation,  the reasonable fees and
expenses of counsel for the Agent) in accordance  with the terms of Section 9.04
of the Credit Agreement.

               SECTION  6.  Execution  in   Counterparts.   This  Amendment  and
Restatement  may be  executed  in any number of  counterparts  and by  different
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be
deemed to be an original and all of which taken  together  shall  constitute but
one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed  counterpart of a signature
page to this  Amendment  and  Restatement  by  telecopier  shall be effective as
delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment and Restatement.

               SECTION 7.   Governing Law.  This Amendment and Restatement shall
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of
New York.






<PAGE>




               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment
and  Restatement  to be executed by their  respective  officers  thereunto  duly
authorized, as of the date first above written.


                               HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION


                               By _____________________________
                               Title:


                                 CITIBANK, N.A.,
                                 as Administrative Agent


                               By _____________________________
                               Title:


                              BA SECURITIES, INC.,
                                 as Co-Syndication Agent


                               By ______________________________
                               Title:


                               CITICORP SECURITIES, INC.,
                                 as Co-Syndication Agent


                               By _______________________________
                               Title:













<PAGE>



                                 BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL
                                 TRUST & SAVINGS ASSOCIATION


                                 By _______________________________
                                 Title:


                                    CIBC INC.


                                 By _______________________________
                                 Title:


                                 CITIBANK, N.A.


                                 By _______________________________
                                 Title:


                                  CREDIT SUISSE


                                 By _______________________________
                                 Title:

                                 By _______________________________
                                 Title:






<PAGE>




                                 DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK
                                 BRANCH AND/OR CAYMAN
                                 ISLANDS BRANCH


                                 By _______________________________
                                 Title:

                                 By _______________________________
                                 Title:


                                 ISTITUTO BANCARIO SAN PAOLO
                                  DI TORINO SPA

                                 By _______________________________
                                 Title:

                                 By _______________________________
                                 Title:


                                 NATIONSBANK, N.A.

                                 By _______________________________
                                 Title:


                                 PNC BANK,
                                 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

                                 By _______________________________
                                 Title:





<PAGE>




                                 THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK
                                   OF CHICAGO

                                 By _______________________________
                                 Title:


                                 THE FUJI BANK, LIMITED,
                                  NEW YORK BRANCH

                                 By _______________________________
                                 Title:










<PAGE>








                               EXHIBIT A - FORM OF
                           OPINION OF ROBERT M. REESE,
                       VICE PRESIDENT AND GENERAL COUNSEL
                                 OF THE COMPANY


                                                                       [ ], 1996



To each of the  Lenders  party 
to the  Amended  and  Restated  
Credit  Agreement referred 
to below and to Citibank, N.A., as 
Agent for such Lenders


                            Hershey Foods Corporation


Ladies and Gentlemen:

         This  opinion is  furnished  to you  pursuant  to  Section  2(c) of the
Amended  and  Restated  364-Day  Credit  Agreement,  dated as of [ ],  1996 (the
"Amended and Restated Credit  Agreement"),  among Hershey Foods Corporation (the
"Company"),  the Lenders party thereto,  Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent
(the "Agent") for said Lenders, and BA Securities, Inc. and Citicorp Securities,
Inc., as co-syndication agents (the "Co-Syndication  Agents"),  which amends and
restates in its entirety the 364-Day Credit Agreement,  dated as of December 15,
1995  among  the  Company,  the  Lenders  party  thereto,  the Agent and the Co-
Syndication  Agents.  Terms defined in the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
and used herein as therein defined.

         I am the Vice President and General Counsel of the Company,  and I have
acted as counsel for the Company in connection with the  preparation,  execution
and delivery of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.

         In that connection, I have examined:

                  (1)      the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement;



<PAGE>




                  (2)      the documents furnished by the Company pursuant to
                  Section 2 of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement;

                  (3)      the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
                  of the Company and all amendments thereto (the "Charter"); and

                  (4)      the by-laws of the Company and all amendments thereto
                  (the "By-laws").

         I  have  also  examined  the  originals,  or  copies  certified  to  my
satisfaction,  of such other corporate  records of the Company,  certificates of
public officials and of officers of the Company, and agreements, instruments and
other  documents,  as I have  deemed  necessary  as a  basis  for  the  opinions
expressed below. In making such examinations,  I have assumed the genuineness of
all signatures (other than those on behalf of the Company),  the authenticity of
all  documents  submitted to me as  originals  and the  conformity  to authentic
original documents of all documents  submitted to me as certified,  conformed or
photographic  copies. As to questions of fact material to such opinions, I have,
when  relevant  facts were not  independently  established  by me,  relied  upon
certificates  of the Company or its  officers or of public  officials  and as to
questions of fact and law, on opinions or statements by other lawyers  reporting
to  me.  I  have  assumed  the  due  execution  and  delivery,  pursuant  to due
authorization,  of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by the Lenders, the
Agent and the Co-Syndication Agents.

         My opinions  expressed below are limited to the law of the Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, and, where applicable, the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware and the Federal law of the United States.

         Based upon the foregoing and upon such  investigation  as I have deemed
necessary, I am of the following opinion:

         1.       The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

         2. The  execution,  delivery  and  performance  by the  Company  of the
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are within the Company's corporate powers,
have  been  duly  authorized  by  all  necessary  corporate  action,  and do not
contravene  (i) the  Charter or the Bylaws or (ii) any law,  rule or  regulation
applicable to the Company (including,  without  limitation,  Regulation X of the
Board of Governors of the Federal  Reserve  System) or (iii) any  contractual or
legal  restriction  binding on or  affecting  the  Company or, to the best of my
knowledge,   contained  in  any  other  similar  document,   except  where  such
contravention  would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
The Amended and Restated  Credit  Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
on behalf of the Company.

         3.       No authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice
to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body or any other
party is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the
Company of the Amended and Restated Credit



<PAGE>


Agreement.

         4. There are no  pending  or, to the best of my  knowledge,  threatened
actions,  investigations,  litigations or proceedings against the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that (a)
would be reasonably  likely to have a Material  Adverse Effect or (b) purport to
affect the legality,  validity,  binding effect or enforceability of the Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement.

         This opinion  letter may be relied upon by you only in connection  with
the transaction  being  consummated  pursuant to the Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement  and may not be used or relied upon by any other  person for any other
purpose.




                                                               





<PAGE>



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>AMEND-MATERIAL CONTRACT
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2

                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                           FIVE-YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT



                                                   Dated as of December 13, 1996


               THIS  AMENDED  AND  RESTATED  FIVE-YEAR  CREDIT  AGREEMENT  (this
"Amendment  and  Restatement")  among  HERSHEY  FOODS  CORPORATION,  a  Delaware
corporation  (the  "Company"),  the  banks,  financial  institutions  and  other
institutional  lenders  parties  to  the  Credit  Agreement  referred  to  below
(collectively,  the "Lenders"),  CITIBANK, N.A. ("Citibank"),  as administrative
agent (the  "Agent")  for the  Lenders,  and BA  SECURITIES,  INC.  and CITICORP
SECURITIES,  INC.,  as  co-syndication  agents  (the  "Co-Syndication  Agents"),
evidences the agreement of the parties as follows:

         PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS:

               (1) The Company,  the Lenders,  the Agent and the  Co-Syndication
Agents have entered into a Five-Year  Credit  Agreement dated as of December 15,
1995 (the "Credit  Agreement").  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this
Amendment  and  Restatement  have the same  meanings as  specified in the Credit
Agreement.

               (2) The Company  and the Lenders  have agreed to amend the Credit
Agreement as  hereinafter  set forth and to restate the Credit  Agreement in its
entirety  to read as set  forth in the  Credit  Agreement  with  the  amendments
specified below.

               (3) The Lenders are, on the terms and  conditions  stated  below,
willing to grant the request of the Company and the Company and the Lenders have
agreed to amend and restate the Credit Agreement as hereinafter set forth.

               SECTION 1. Amendments to Credit  Agreement.  The Credit Agreement
is,  effective  as of the date  hereof and  subject to the  satisfaction  of the
conditions precedent set forth in Section 2, hereby amended as follows:

              (a) The definitions of the terms "Applicable Margin",  "Applicable
         Percentage",  "Public Debt Rating" and "Termination  Date" appearing in
         Section 1.01 are amended in full to read as follows:

                  "'Applicable  Margin' means,  as of any date, a percentage per
                  annum  determined  by  reference  to the Public Debt Rating in
                  effect on such date as set forth below:












<PAGE>



============================================================================
         Public Debt Rating                        Applicable
             S&P/Moody's                             Margin
============================================================================
============================================================================
Level  1                                              .12%
Long-Term Senior
Unsecured Debt
Rated at Least
A- by S&P
or
A3 by Moody's
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Level  2                                              .20%
Long-Term Senior
Unsecured Debt
Rated at Least
BBB- by S&P
and
Baa3 by Moody's
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Level  3                                              .30%
Long-Term Senior
Unsecured Debt
Rated Lower than
Level  2
============================================================================


                  'Applicable  Percentage'  means,  as of any date, a percentage
         per annum  determined  by reference to the Public Debt Rating in effect
         on such date as set forth below:

============================================================================
         Public Debt Rating                        Applicable
             S&P/Moody's                           Percentage
============================================================================
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Level  1                                              .055%
Long-Term Senior
Unsecured Debt
Rated at Least
A- by S&P
or
A3 by Moody's
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------




<PAGE>




- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Level 2                                               .10%
Long-Term Senior
Unsecured Debt
Rated at Least
BBB- by S&P
and
Baa3 by Moody's

- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Level 3                                               .20%
Long-Term Senior
Unsecured Debt
Rated Lower than
Level 2
============================================================================


                           'Public  Debt  Rating'  means,  as of any  date,  the
                  lowest  rating  that has been  most  recently  and  officially
                  announced  by either S&P or  Moody's,  as the case may be, for
                  any class of non-credit  enhanced  long-term  senior unsecured
                  debt issued by the Company. For purposes of the foregoing, (a)
                  if only one of S&P and  Moody's  shall have in effect a Public
                  Debt  Rating,   the  Applicable   Margin  and  the  Applicable
                  Percentage  shall be  determined by reference to the available
                  rating;  (b) if neither S&P nor Moody's shall have in effect a
                  Public Debt Rating,  the Applicable  Margin and the Applicable
                  Percentage  will be set in  accordance  with Level 3 under the
                  definition of "Applicable Margin" or "Applicable  Percentage",
                  as the case may be; (c) with respect to Level 1, the specified
                  Public Debt  Rating must be met with  respect to either S&P or
                  Moody's,  and with  respect to Level 2, the  specified  Public
                  Debt rating must be met with  respect to both S&P and Moody's;
                  (d) if any  rating  established  by S&P or  Moody's  shall  be
                  changed,  such  change  shall be  effective  as of the date on
                  which such  change is first  announced  publicly by the rating
                  agency making such change  (regardless  of the effective  date
                  thereof);  and (e) if S&P or Moody's shall change the basis on
                  which ratings are  established,  each  reference to the Public
                  Debt Rating  announced by S&P or Moody's,  as the case may be,
                  shall refer to the then  equivalent  rating by S&P or Moody's,
                  as the case may be.

                                'Termination Date' means the earlier of December
                           15,  2001 and the date of  termination in whole of 
                           the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.05(a), 2.05(b)
                           or 6.01.








<PAGE>



                       (b) Section 4.01 (e) is amended by deleting the reference
                  to  "December  31, 1994" in each place in which it appears and
                  substituting  "December 31, 1995"  therefor,  and deleting the
                  reference  to  "October  1,  1995"  in each  place in which it
                  appears and substituting "September 29, 1996" therefor.

               SECTION  2.  Conditions  of  Effectiveness.  This  Amendment  and
Restatement  shall become effective as of the date first above written when, and
only when,  the Agent shall have  received  counterparts  of this  Amendment and
Restatement  executed by the Company and all of the Lenders or, as to any of the
Lenders,  advice  satisfactory  to the Agent that such Lender has executed  this
Amendment and  Restatement and when the Agent shall have  additionally  received
all of the following documents,  each such document (unless otherwise specified)
dated the date of receipt thereof by the Agent (unless otherwise  specified) and
in sufficient copies for each Lender, in form and substance  satisfactory to the
Agent (unless otherwise specified):

                       (a) Certified  copies of (i) the resolutions of the Board
                  of  Directors  of the Company  approving  this  Amendment  and
                  Restatement and (ii) all documents  evidencing other necessary
                  corporate  action and  governmental  approvals,  if any,  with
                  respect to this Amendment and Restatement.

                       (b) A  certificate  of  the  Secretary  or  an  Assistant
                  Secretary  of  the  Company  certifying  the  names  and  true
                  signatures  of the officers of the Company  authorized to sign
                  this Amendment and  Restatement  and the other documents to be
                  delivered hereunder.

                       (c)  A  favorable   opinion  of  Robert  M.  Reese,  Vice
                  President and General Counsel of the Company, in substantially
                  the form of Exhibit A hereto  and as to such other  matters as
                  any Lender through the Agent may reasonably request.

                       (d) A favorable  opinion of Shearman & Sterling,  counsel
                  for the  Agent,  in form  and  substance  satisfactory  to the
                  Agent.

                       (e) A certificate signed by a duly authorized officer of
                  the Company stating that:

                           (i) The representations  and warranties  contained in
                  Section   4.01   of   the   Credit   Agreement   (except   the
                  representations  set forth in the last  sentence of subsection
                  (e) thereof and in subsection  (f) thereof  (other than clause
                  (i)(B)  thereof) and in Section 3 hereof are correct on and as
                  of the date of such  certificate  as though  made on and as of
                  such date; and

                           (ii) No event has occurred and is continuing that
                  constitutes a Default.





<PAGE>



         SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company.  The Company
represents and warrants as follows:

                       (a)  The  execution,  delivery  and  performance  by  the
                  Company  of this  Amendment  and  Restatement  are  within the
                  Company's  corporate powers,  have been duly authorized by all
                  necessary  corporate  action  and do not  contravene  (i)  the
                  Company's   charter   or  by-laws  or  (ii)  any  law  or  any
                  contractual  restriction  binding on or affecting the Company,
                  except where such contravention would not be reasonably likely
                  to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                       (b) No  authorization or approval or other action by, and
                  no notice to or filing  with,  any  governmental  authority or
                  regulatory  body or any other third party is required  for the
                  due execution,  delivery or performance by the Company of this
                  Amendment and Restatement,  except where the Company's failure
                  to receive, take or make such authorization, approval, action,
                  notice or filing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.

                       (c) This Amendment and Restatement has been duly executed
                  and delivered by the Company.  This Amendment and  Restatement
                  is a legal,  valid  and  binding  obligation  of the  Company,
                  enforceable  against the Company in accordance with its terms,
                  subject to applicable bankruptcy, reorganization,  insolvency,
                  moratorium  or  similar  laws  affecting   creditors'   rights
                  generally and general principles of equity.

               SECTION 4. Reference to and Effect on the Credit  Agreement.  (a)
On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment and Restatement, each reference
in the Credit Agreement to "this Agreement",  "hereunder",  "hereof" or words of
like import referring to the Credit Agreement,  shall mean and be a reference to
the Credit Agreement, as amended and restated by this Amendment and Restatement.

               (b) The Credit Agreement, as specifically amended and restated by
this  Amendment and  Restatement,  is and shall continue to be in full force and
effect and is hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed.

               (c) The execution,  delivery and  effectiveness of this Amendment
and Restatement  shall not, except as expressly  provided  herein,  operate as a
waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Agent under the Credit
Agreement, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement.

               SECTION 5. Costs,  Expenses.  The Company agrees to pay on demand
all  costs  and  expenses  of the  Agent in  connection  with  the  preparation,
execution,  delivery  and  administration,  modification  and  amendment of this
Amendment  and  Restatement  and  the  other  instruments  and  documents  to be
delivered  hereunder  (including,  without  limitation,  the reasonable fees and
expenses of counsel for the Agent) in accordance with the terms of Section



<PAGE>



9.04 of the Credit Agreement.

               SECTION  6.  Execution  in   Counterparts.   This  Amendment  and
Restatement  may be  executed  in any number of  counterparts  and by  different
parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be
deemed to be an original and all of which taken  together  shall  constitute but
one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed  counterpart of a signature
page to this  Amendment  and  Restatement  by  telecopier  shall be effective as
delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment and Restatement.

               SECTION 7. Governing Law.  This Amendment and Restatement shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of 
New York.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment
and  Restatement  to be executed by their  respective  officers  thereunto  duly
authorized, as of the date first above written.


                                             HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION


                                             By _____________________________
                                             Title:


                                             CITIBANK, N.A.,
                                              as Administrative Agent


                                             By ____________________________
                                             Title:

















<PAGE>




                                             BA SECURITIES, INC.,
                                              as Co-Syndication Agent


                                             By ____________________________
                                             Title:


                                             CITICORP SECURITIES, INC.,
                                              as Co-Syndication Agent


                                             By ____________________________
                                             Title:


                                             BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL
                                              TRUST & SAVINGS ASSOCIATION
   

                                             By _____________________________
                                             Title:


                                             CIBC INC.


                                             By _____________________________
                                             Title:


                                             CITIBANK, N.A.


                                             By _____________________________
                                             Title:











<PAGE>





                                             CREDIT SUISSE

                                             By ______________________________
                                             Title:

                                             By ______________________________
                                             Title:


                                             DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK
                                             BRANCH AND/OR CAYMAN ISLANDS
                                             BRANCH


                                             By ______________________________
                                             Title:

                                             By ______________________________
                                             Title:


                                             ISTITUTO BANCARIO SAN PAOLO DI
                                             TORINO SPA

                                             By ______________________________
                                             Title:

                                             By ______________________________
                                             Title:


                                             NATIONSBANK, N.A.

                                             By ______________________________
                                             Title:











<PAGE>






                                             PNC BANK,
                                             NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


                                             By _____________________________
                                             Title:


                                             THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK
                                             OF CHICAGO


                                             By _____________________________
                                             Title:


                                             THE FUJI BANK, LIMITED,
                                             NEW YORK BRANCH


                                             By _____________________________
                                             Title:












<PAGE>

                               EXHIBIT A - FORM OF
                           OPINION OF ROBERT M. REESE,
                       VICE PRESIDENT AND GENERAL COUNSEL
                                 OF THE COMPANY



                                                                        [ ],1996


To each of the Lenders party
  to the Amended and Restated
  Credit Agreement referred
   to below and to Citibank, N.A., as
  Agent for such Lenders


                            Hershey Foods Corporation


Ladies and Gentlemen:

               This  opinion is furnished to you pursuant to Section 2(c) of the
Amended and  Restated  Five-Year  Credit  Agreement,  dated as of [ ], 1996 (the
"Amended and Restated Credit  Agreement"),  among Hershey Foods Corporation (the
"Company"),  the Lenders party thereto,  Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent
(the "Agent") for said Lenders, and BA Securities, Inc. and Citicorp Securities,
Inc., as co-syndication agents (the "Co-Syndication  Agents"),  which amends and
restates in its entirety the Five-Year  Credit  Agreement,  dated as of December
15,  1995  among the  Company,  the  Lenders  party  thereto,  the Agent and the
Co-Syndication  Agents.  Terms  defined  in  the  Amended  and  Restated  Credit
Agreement are used herein as therein defined.

               I am the Vice President and General Counsel of the Company, and I
have  acted as  counsel  for the  Company in  connection  with the  preparation,
execution and delivery of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.

                In that connection, I have examined:

                (1) the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement;

                (2) the documents furnished by the Company pursuant to Section
       2 of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement;

                (3) the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
       the Company and all amendments thereto (the "Charter"); and

                (4) The by-laws of the Company and all amendments thereto (the
       "By-laws").



<PAGE>


               I have also  examined the  originals,  or copies  certified to my
satisfaction,  of such other corporate  records of the Company,  certificates of
public officials and of officers of the Company, and agreements, instruments and
other  documents,  as I have  deemed  necessary  as a  basis  for  the  opinions
expressed below. In making such examinations,  I have assumed the genuineness of
all signatures (other than those on behalf of the Company),  the authenticity of
all  documents  submitted to me as  originals  and the  conformity  to authentic
original documents of all documents  submitted to me as certified,  conformed or
photographic  copies. As to questions of fact material to such opinions, I have,
when  relevant  facts were not  independently  established  by me,  relied  upon
certificates  of the Company or its  officers or of public  officials  and as to
questions of fact and law, on opinions or statements by other lawyers  reporting
to  me.  I  have  assumed  the  due  execution  and  delivery,  pursuant  to due
authorization,  of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by the Lenders, the
Agent and the Co-Syndication Agents.

               My  opinions  expressed  below  are  limited  to  the  law of the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and, where applicable, the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware and the Federal law of the United States.

               Based upon the  foregoing and upon such  investigation  as I have
deemed necessary, I am of the following opinion:

                  1  The  Company  is  a  corporation  duly  organized,  validly
         existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.

                  2. The execution,  delivery and  performance by the Company of
         the Amended and  Restated  Credit  Agreement  are within the  Company's
         corporate powers,  have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate
         action, and do not contravene (i) the Charter or the Bylaws or (ii) any
         law, rule or regulation  applicable to the Company (including,  without
         limitation,  Regulation  X of the  Board of  Governors  of the  Federal
         Reserve System) or (iii) any contractual or legal  restriction  binding
         on or affecting the Company or, to the best of my knowledge,  contained
         in any other similar document,  except where such  contravention  would
         not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Amended
         and Restated  Credit  Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on
         behalf of the Company.

                  3. No  authorization,  approval  or other  action  by,  and no
         notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body
         or any other third party is required  for the due  execution,  delivery
         and  performance  by the  Company of the Amended  and  Restated  Credit
         Agreement.

                  4. There (i) are no pending  or, to the best of my  knowledge,
         threatened actions, investigations,  litigations or proceedings against
         the Company or any of its Subsidiaries  before any court,  governmental
         agency  or  arbitrator  that (a) would be  reasonably  likely to have a
         Material Adverse Effect [(other than the Disclosed  Litigation)] or (b)
         purport  to  affect  the   legality,   validity,   binding   effect  or
         enforceability of the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.

                  This  opinion  letter  may  be  relied  upon  by you  only  in
connection with the transaction  being  consummated  pursuant to the Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement and may not be used or relied upon by any other person
for any other purpose.





                                                               



<PAGE>



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>DIRECTORS COMPENSATION
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.3
                            HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION
                           DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN


                  This   Deferred   Compensation   Plan  (the   "Plan")   allows
participants  in the Annual  Incentive  Program  (the  "AIP") of  Hershey  Foods
Corporation's  Key Employee  Incentive  Plan to defer  receipt of all or part of
their  awards under the AIP.  Participants  in the Long Term  Incentive  Program
("LTIP") of the Key Employee  Incentive  Plan may also defer under this plan the
cash  equivalent  of their PSU  awards  provided  certain  minimum  stockholding
requirements  have been  satisfied.  The Plan is intended  to benefit  those key
executives of Hershey Foods  Corporation  (and  subsidiaries as specified in the
AIP and LTIP) who  participate  in the AIP or LTIP,  to secure  their  goodwill,
loyalty and achievement, and to help attract and retain high quality executives.

                  AIP  awards for 1995 and  beyond  may be  deferred  under this
Plan.  Also,  Participants  who have  previously  deferred  AIP awards under the
deferral  arrangement  in effect  for  awards  prior to 1995 may elect to credit
their deferral  accounts under the prior deferral  arrangement to their Accounts
under this Plan as hereinafter described.

                  PSU awards under LTIP may also be deferred under the Plan, but
only  if  the  Participant  has  satisfied  the  employee  minimum  stockholding
requirements   established  by  the  Compensation  and  Executive   Organization
Committee of the Board of Directors.  Dividends  previously  earned,  as well as
future  dividends  earned on deferred PSU awards are eligible for deferral under
the Plan.

                                    ARTICLE I
                                   DEFINITIONS

           The following definitions apply to this Plan:

       1.1  ACCOUNT.  "Account" means the Account maintained by the Company
pursuant to Article II with respect to each Participant.

       1.2  AIP.  "AIP" means the Annual Incentive Program of Hershey Foods
Corporation's Key Employee Incentive Plan.

       1.3  BOARD.  "Board" or "Board of Directors" means the Board of Directors
of Hershey Foods Corporation.

       1.4  COMMITTEE OR COMPENSATION COMMITTEE.  "Committee" or "Compensation
Committee" means the Compensation and Executive Organization Committee of the
Board.

       1.5  COMPANY.  "Company" means Hershey Foods Corporation, a Delaware
corporation.

       1.6  DEFERRAL ELECTION.  "Deferral Election" means a Participant's
election to defer all or part of the Participant's AIP or PSU award as described
in Article II.

       1.7  DETERMINATION DATE.  "Determination Date" means the last day of each
calendar quarter.



<PAGE>



       1.8  DISABILITY.  "Disability" means a condition or circumstance
entitling a Participant to be classified as "disabled" pursuant to the Company's
Long Term Disability Plan.

       1.9  INVESTMENT OPTIONS.  "Investment Options" means the following
investment options which are to be used as earnings indices as described in
Section 2.3:

               1.     Hershey Fixed Income Fund
               2.     IDS Cash Management Fund
               3.     American Express Trust Equity Index Fund I

The Investment  Options are chosen by the Plan  Administrator and are subject to
change from time to time as the Plan  Administrator,  in its  discretion,  deems
necessary or appropriate. No provision of this Plan shall be construed as giving
any  Participant  an interest in any of these  Investment  Options nor shall any
provision require that the Company make any investment in any such funds.

       1.10 LTIP.  "LTIP" means the Long Term Incentive Program of Hershey Foods
Corporation's Key Employee Incentive Plan.

       1.11 PARTICIPANT.  "Participant"  means an employee of the Company who is
eligible to participate in the AIP or LTIP and who elects to participate in this
Plan by filing a Deferral Election as provided in Article II.

       1.12 PLAN.  "Plan" means this Hershey Foods Corporation Deferred
Compensation Plan as set forth herein and as amended from time to time.

       1.13 PLAN ADMINISTRATOR.  "Plan Administrator" means the Director,
Executive Compensation and Employee Benefits, for Hershey Foods Corporation.

       1.14 PLAN YEAR.  "Plan Year" means the calendar year.

       1.15 PSU.  "PSU" means performance share units granted under the LTIP
portion of the KEIP.

       1.16 RETIREMENT.  "Retirement" means termination of employment with a
Company after becoming eligible for retirement under the Hershey Foods
Corporation Retirement Plan.



                                      - 2 -



<PAGE>



                                   ARTICLE II
                          DEFERRAL ELECTIONS: ACCOUNTS

        2.1.   ELECTION TO DEFER.

               a. AIP AWARDS. A Participant may elect to defer receipt of all or
a  portion  of his or her  anticipated  bonus  under  the AIP.  A  Participant's
election  must be made no later  than  November  1st of the  year in  which  the
Participant  renders the services which result in the bonus award.  The election
must be made on a form supplied by the Plan Administrator. The election to defer
a bonus is irrevocable except as specifically provided otherwise in this Plan.


               b. PSU AWARDS.  A Participant  may elect under this Plan to defer
receipt of all or a portion of the amount  earned as a PSU award under LTIP.  An
election  to  defer  a PSU  award  under  this  Plan  can  only  be  made if the
Participant has satisfied the minimum stockholding  requirements  established by
the Board of  Directors.  A  Participant's  election must be made at least sixty
(60) days prior to the date the PSU award  will be paid.  The  election  must be
made on a form supplied by the Plan Administrator. The election to defer receipt
of a PSU award is irrevocable except as specifically  provided otherwise in this
Plan.

        2.2.   ACCOUNTS.

               a.     ESTABLISHMENT OF ACCOUNTS.  Any amounts deferred by a
Participant will not be funded or set aside for future payment by the Company.
Instead, an Account will be noted for the Participant on the Company's books.
A Participant's Account will be credited with amounts deferred and with
investment credits as provided in subparagraph c. below.  A separate Account
will be established for each Deferral Election.

               b.     PARTICIPANTS AS UNSECURED CREDITORS.  A Participant's
entitlement to receive the amount reflected by his or her Account will be based
solely on an unconditional promise to pay by the Company and is not assignable;
however, except as provided in Section 7.5 below, the Participant at all times
will be fully vested in the Account.

               c. INVESTMENT CREDITS TO ACCOUNTS. Subject to such limitations as
may from time to time be required  by law or imposed by the Plan  Administrator,
and subject to such  operating  rules and procedures as may be imposed from time
to time by the Plan  Administrator,  each  Participant  may  express to the Plan
Administrator  a  preference  as to how  the  Participant's  Account  should  be
constructively  invested among the Investment  Options.  Such  preference  shall
designate the percentage of the Participant's  Accounts which is requested to be
constructively invested in each Investment Option.

                      (1)      Any initial or subsequent expression of
investment  preference shall be in writing, on a form supplied by and filed with
the Plan Administrator, and shall be subject to such rules and procedures as the
Plan  Administrator  may promulgate from time to time.  Participants  may change
their investment preferences effective as of the beginning of each Plan Year.


                                      - 3 -



<PAGE>



                      (2)      All investment preferences shall be advisory only
and shall not bind the Company or the Plan Administrator. The Company shall not
be obligated to invest any funds in connection with this Plan. If, however,  the
Company chooses to invest funds to provide for its liabilities  under this Plan,
the Plan Administrator shall have complete discretion as to investments.

                      (3)      Whether or not a Participant's investment
preferences  are  followed,  the  Participant's  Account  will be credited  with
earnings or losses as follows.  As of each Determination  Date, the net earnings
or losses (as  defined  below) of each  Investment  Option  since the  preceding
Determination  Date shall be allocated among all Accounts in accordance with the
preferences  indicated  by each  Participant  as though  the  Accounts  had been
invested  in  the  Investment  Option  in  accordance  with  each  Participant's
indicated preference.

                      (4)      If the Plan Administrator receives an initial or
revised  investment  preference  which it deems to be  incomplete,  unclear  or
improper, the Participant's investment preference then in effect shall remain in
effect (or, in the case of a deficiency in an initial investment preference, the
Participant  shall be deemed to have filed no investment  preference)  until the
beginning of the next Plan Year, unless the Plan Administrator provides for, and
permits the application of,  corrective  action prior thereto.  If a Participant
fails to file an effective investment preference, the Participant's Account will
be constructively invested in the IDS Federal Income Fund.

                      (5)      If the Plan Administrator determines that the
constructive value of an Account as of any date on which distributions are to be
made differs  materially from the constructive value of the Account on the prior
Determination  Date  upon  which  the  distribution  is to be  based,  the  Plan
Administrator,  in its discretion, shall have the right to designate any date in
the interim as a Determination Date for the purpose of constructively  revaluing
the Account so that the account from which the  distribution is being made will,
prior to the  distribution,  reflect its share of such  material  difference  in
value.  Similarly,  the Plan  Administrator  may adopt a policy of providing for
regular interim  valuations  without regard to the materiality of changes in the
value of the Accounts.

               d.     STATEMENT OF ACCOUNTS.  Within a reasonable time after the
end of each calendar year, the Plan Administrator shall submit to each
Participant a statement of the balance in his Accounts.

        2.3 CREDIT OF PREVIOUS AIP DEFERRALS TO ACCOUNTS.  Participants who have
previously  deferred AIP awards under the  deferral  arrangements  in effect for
awards  prior to 1995 may elect as of any  beginning  of any Plan Year to credit
any portion of their  deferral  accounts  under the prior  arrangement  to their
Accounts  under this Plan.  Credits  shall be made to this Plan pursuant to this
Section on January 1 of the year  subsequent  to any such  election  being made.
Amounts so credited  shall become part of a  Participant's  Account and shall be
subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan, except that prior elections as
to payment of deferred amounts shall remain in effect. Once amounts are credited
to a Participant's Account pursuant to this Section 2.3, they may not thereafter
be returned to the  Participant's  deferral  accounts  under the prior  deferral
arrangement.


                                      - 4 -



<PAGE>



        2.4 CREDIT OF PREVIOUS  DIVIDENDS  PAID ON PSU  DEFERRALS  TO  ACCOUNTS.
Participants who have previously received dividends on deferred PSU awards under
the deferral arrangements in effect for awards prior to 1995 may elect as of the
beginning  of any Plan Year to credit any portion of their  previously  deferred
dividends  under  the prior  arrangement  to their  Accounts  under  this  Plan.
Notwithstanding the above, previously deferred PSU dividends are not eligible to
be  deferred  pursuant  to the  terms of the Plan  unless  the  Participant  has
satisfied the employee  minimum  stockholding  requirements  established  by the
Committee.  Credits  shall be made to this Plan  pursuant to this Section on the
January 1 of the year  subsequent  to any such election  being made.  Amounts so
credited  shall become part of a  Participant's  Account and shall be subject to
the terms and conditions of this Plan, except that prior elections as to payment
of deferred  amounts  shall  remain in effect.  Once  amounts are  credited to a
Participant's  Account  pursuant to this Section 2.4, they may not thereafter be
returned  to the  Participant's  deferral  accounts  under  the  prior  deferral
arrangement.

                                   ARTICLE III
                            DISTRIBUTION OF DEFERRALS

        3.1 INITIAL  ELECTION OF DISTRIBUTION  OPTIONS IN DEFERRAL  ELECTION.  A
Participant must specify in his or her Deferral  Election when the Participant's
Account will be  distributed.  Distribution  may be made or begin in any year or
years in the future,  but  distributions  must begin not later than the calendar
year  following the calendar year in which the  Participant  attains age 70. The
Participant may elect to receive amounts  deferred in a lump sum or in up to ten
approximately  equal annual  installments.  A Participant may specify  different
distribution  dates  and  forms of  payment  under  each of his or her  Deferral
Elections.

        3.2    CHANGES IN DISTRIBUTION OPTIONS.

               a. A Participant is entitled to one future opportunity to further
lengthen (not shorten) the deferral period  provided in a Deferral  Election and
to make one future  change  with  regard to  lengthening  (not  shortening)  the
payment  schedule  provided in that Election up to a maximum payment schedule of
ten years.

               b. Any change in the deferral period or the payment schedule must
be submitted to the Plan  Administrator  in writing,  on a form  provided by the
Plan  Administrator,  at least  twelve  months  before  the date  payments  were
originally  scheduled  to begin.  Any change in the  deferral  period  shall not
require  payments to begin after the calendar year  following the  Participant's
attainment of age 70.

        3.3    PAYMENT OF DEFERRED AMOUNTS.

               a. Upon the date elected by the  Participant,  the Company  shall
begin  to pay  an  amount  equal  to  the  total  amount  then  credited  to the
Participant's  Account.  Such  amount is to be paid either in one lump sum or in
approximately equal annual installments over a period of years as elected by the
Participant,  which  period  shall  be not  more  than ten  years.  Each  annual
installment shall include investment credits on the remaining balance during the
previous  year until the Account shall have been paid out in full. A Participant
may  continue to express  investment  preferences  as provided in paragraph c of
Section 2.2 during the period that the

                                      - 5 -



<PAGE>



Account is being distributed.

               b. If the  Participant  should die before  payment in full of the
amount standing to the Participant's  credit in the Account,  the unpaid balance
may be paid in one lump sum or in installments to the Participant's  beneficiary
in accordance with whichever  election has been made by the Participant.  If the
Participant should die before the beginning date of the deferral payment and did
not  indicate  a  specific  method of  distribution,  then the  beneficiary  may
petition the Plan  Administrator  regarding the method of  distribution.  In the
absence of a designated beneficiary,  the balance of the Account will be paid in
a lump sum to the estate of the Participant as soon as possible.

               c. If the  Participant's  employment is terminated for any reason
other than Retirement, death or Disability before the elected payment date, then
the Company, acting through the Plan Administrator, at its discretion and at any
time thereafter may:

                      (1)    Immediately pay over any amounts credited to the
Participant's Account to the Participant.

                      (2)    Deposit any amounts credited to the Participant's
Account with a third party fiduciary in trust for the Company's benefit who will
manage and pay over such amounts to the Participant in accordance with the terms
of this  Plan,  with  administrative  costs in such event  being  charged to the
Participant's Account.

                      (3)    Continue to itself maintain and pay over amounts
deferred to the  Participant  in accordance  with the terms of this Plan and the
Participant's election pursuant thereto.

               d. If both the Participant  and his  beneficiary  shall die after
payments  to the  Participant  begin and before all  payments  are made from the
Participant's Account, the remaining value of the Account shall be determined as
of the date of death of the beneficiary or Participant,  whichever is later, and
shall be paid as  promptly  as  possible  in one lump sum to the  estate of such
beneficiary or as specified in the beneficiary's last will and testament, as the
case may be.

               e. A Participant  may designate or change his or her  beneficiary
(without the consent of any prior  beneficiary)  on a form  provided by the Plan
Administrator and delivered to the Plan  Administrator  before the Participant's
death.

               f. Installment payments shall commence on or before the fifteenth
day of the year selected by the  Participant  (or on or before the fifteenth day
of the year after the year in which the Participant  retires, if the Participant
has elected to defer until after Retirement).

        3.4  HARDSHIP  DISTRIBUTIONS.  The  Compensation  Committee  may, in its
discretion,  accelerate  payments to a Participant  in an amount up to the bonus
previously  deferred,  together with investment credits to date, in the event of
demonstrated severe financial  hardship.  Any such payments made will be limited
to the amount  needed to meet the  demonstrated  financial  need. A  Participant
seeking a financial  hardship  withdrawal from his or her Account must request a
hearing with the Plan  Administrator,  who will gather facts and render a report
to the

                                      - 6 -



<PAGE>



Compensation Committee for a decision.

        3.5    OTHER WITHDRAWALS: FORFEITURE PENALTY.  A Participant may, by
written request on a form provided by the Plan Administrator, withdraw all or
any portion of his Account as of any Determination Date, provided that the
Participant shall forfeit 15% of the amount withdrawn as a penalty.

        3.6.   WITHHOLDING.  Any payments made pursuant to this Article III
shall be subject to appropriate federal, state or local income tax withholdings.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                                CLAIMS PROCEDURE

        4.1 The following  provisions are incorporated in the Plan in accordance
with the requirements of the Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974:

               a.     The following claims procedure is hereby established:

                      (1)    A Participant or beneficiary shall make a claim for
the benefits provided by delivering a written request to the Plan Administrator.
Upon receipt of a claim, the Plan Administrator shall determine whether to grant
the claim, deny it, or grant it in part.

                      (2)    If a claim is wholly or partially denied, notice of
the decision,  meeting the  requirements  of paragraph  (3)  following  shall be
furnished to the claimant within a reasonable  period of time after receipt of a
claim by the Plan Administrator.

                      (3)    The Plan Administrator shall provide to every
claimant who is denied a claim for benefits,  written  notice setting forth in a
manner  calculated  to be understood  by the  claimant,  the specific  reason or
reasons for the denial; specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which
denial is  based;  a  description  of any  additional  material  or  information
necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an  explanation  of why such
material or  information  is necessary;  and an  explanation of the Plan's claim
review procedure as set forth herein.

                      (4)    The purpose of the review procedures set forth
herein is to provide a procedure  by which a claimant  under the Plan may have a
reasonable  opportunity to appeal a denial of a claim to the named fiduciary for
a full and fair review.  To accomplish  that  purpose,  the claimant or his duly
authorized  representative may request a review upon written  application to the
Committee  may  review  pertinent  Plan  documents;  and may  submit  issues and
comments in writing.  A claimant (or his duly authorized  representative)  shall
request a review by filing a written  application  for review with the Committee
at any time  within  sixty (60) days after  receipt by the  claimant  of written
notice of denial of this claim.

                      (5)    The decision on review of a denied claim shall be
made as follows.  The decision on review shall be made by the  Committee,  which
may in its discretion  hold a hearing on the denied claim.  The Committee  shall
make a decision  promptly,  and not later than sixty (60) days after  receipt of
the request for review, unless special circumstances (such as the

                                      - 7 -



<PAGE>



need to hold a hearing) require an extension of time of  reprocessing,  in which
case a decision  shall be rendered as soon as  possible,  but not later than one
hundred twenty (120) days after receipt of the request for review.  The decision
on  review  shall be in  writing  and shall  include  specific  reasons  for the
decisions,  written in the manner  calculated  to be understood by the claimant,
and specific references to the pertinent Plan revisions on which the decision is
based.  The  Committee  shall have full  discretion  to decide the claim and its
decision on review shall be final and binding on all parties.

               b.     For purposes of implementing the claims procedure (but not
for any other purposes), the Committee is hereby designated as a named
fiduciary of this Plan.


                                    ARTICLE V
                               PLAN ADMINISTRATOR

        5.1 PLAN ADMINISTRATOR  DUTIES. The Plan Administrator  shall administer
this Plan and shall be a named fiduciary of the Plan for that purpose.  The Plan
Administrator  may be a Participant.  A Plan  Administrator who is a Participant
may not vote on matters  affecting his or her personal  benefit under this Plan,
but any such  individual  shall  otherwise  be fully  entitled to act in matters
arising out of or affecting this Plan  notwithstanding  his or her participation
herein.  The Plan  Administrator  shall  have  the  authority  to  make,  amend,
interpret,   and  enforce  all   appropriate   rules  and  regulations  for  the
administration  of this  Plan  and  decide  or  resolve  any and all  questions,
including  interpretations  of this Plan,  as may arise in  connection  with the
Plan.

        5.2 AGENTS. In the  administration of this Plan, the Plan  Administrator
may,  from  time to  time,  employ  agents  and  delegate  to them or to  others
(including employees of the Company) such administrative  duties as it sees fit.
The Plan  Administrator  may from time to time consult with counsel,  who may be
counsel to the Company.

        5.3 BINDING EFFECT OF DECISIONS.  In carrying out its duties herein, the
Plan  Administrator (or its designee) shall have full discretion to exercise all
powers and to make all determinations, consistent with the terms of the Plan, in
all matters entrusted to it, and its  determinations  shall be final and binding
on all parties.

        5.4  INDEMNITY.  The Company shall  indemnify and hold harmless the Plan
Administrator  and any employees to whom  administrative  duties under this Plan
are delegated,  against any and all claims, loss, damage,  expense, or liability
arising from any action or failure to act with  respect to this Plan,  except in
the case of willful misconduct.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                            AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

        6.1 AMENDMENT.  The Committee may at any time amend the Plan in whole or
in part.  However,  no amendment  shall be effective to decrease or restrict any
then  existing  Account or to change the  Company's  obligations  under any then
existing Deferral Election.

        6.2    BOARD'S RIGHT TO TERMINATE.  The Board may at any time terminate
the Plan in its

                                      - 8 -



<PAGE>



entirety,  in  which  event no new  Deferral  Elections  shall be made,  but the
obligations of the Company under existing Deferral Elections shall continue.


                                   ARTICLE VII
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

        7.1  UNFUNDED  PLAN.  This Plan is  intended  to be an  "unfunded"  plan
maintained  primarily to provide  deferred  compensation  for a "select group of
management or highly  compensated  employees" within the meaning of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and shall be so construed.

        7.2 UNSECURED GENERAL CREDITOR. This Plan is unfunded. Benefits shall be
paid from the Company's  general assets.  Participants and their  beneficiaries,
heirs, successors, and assigns shall have no legal or equitable rights, interest
or  claims in any  property  or assets  owned or which  may be  acquired  by the
Company.  Such assets of the  Company  shall not be held under any trust for the
benefit of Participants,  their beneficiaries,  heirs, successors or assigns, or
held in any way as collateral  security  against the  obligations of the Company
under this Plan.  The  Company's  obligation  under the Plan shall be that of an
unfunded and  unsecured  promise of the Company to pay money in the future.  The
Company  in its  sole  discretion,  may,  however,  elect  to  provide  for  its
liabilities  under  this Plan  through  a trust or  funding  vehicle,  provided,
however, that the terms of any such trust or funding vehicle shall not alter the
status of Participants and beneficiaries as mere general unsecured  creditors of
the  Company or  otherwise  cause the Plan to be funded or  benefits  taxable to
Participants except upon actual receipt.

        7.3  NONASSIGNABILITY.  Neither a Participant nor any other person shall
have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate, mortgage,
or otherwise  encumber,  transfer,  hypothecate,  or convey in advance of actual
receipt the amounts, if any, payable hereunder,  or any part thereof. The rights
to  all  such   amounts  are   expressly   declared  to  be   unassignable   and
non-transferable. No part of the amounts payable shall, prior to actual payment,
be subject to seizure or sequestration for the payment of any debts,  judgments,
alimony, or separate  maintenance owned by Participants or any other person, nor
be transferable by operation of law in the event of a Participant's or any other
person's bankruptcy or insolvency, except as required by law.

        7.4 NOT A CONTRACT OF EMPLOYMENT.  The terms and conditions of this Plan
shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of  employment  between the Company
and a  Participant,  and a Participant  shall have no rights against the Company
except as may otherwise be specifically  provided herein.  Moreover,  nothing in
the Plan shall be deemed to give a  Participant  the right to be retained in the
service  of the  Company  or to  interfere  with  the  right of the  Company  to
discipline or discharge an employee at any time.

        7.5 FORFEITURE OF BENEFITS. If a Participant's  employment is terminated
because of willful  misfeasance or gross negligence in the performance of his or
her  duties,  his or her  right  to  benefits  under  this  Plan  shall,  in the
discretion of the Committee, be forfeited, and the Company shall have no further
obligation hereunder to such Participant or his or her beneficiary(ies).

                                      - 9 -



<PAGE>



        7.6 TERMS.  Use of the  masculine  pronoun in this Plan will include the
feminine  and use of the singular  will  include the plural,  unless the context
clearly indicates otherwise.

        7.7 CAPTIONS.  The captions of the articles,  sections and paragraphs of
this Plan are for  convenience  only and shall not control or affect the meaning
or construction of any of its provisions.

        7.8 GOVERNING LAW. This Plan shall be governed by the laws of the United
States and, to the extent not preempted thereby, the laws of Pennsylvania.


        7.9 VALIDITY. The illegality or invalidity of any provision of this Plan
shall not affect its  remaining  parts,  but this Plan  shall be  construed  and
enforced without such illegal or invalid provisions.

       7.10  NOTICE.  Any notice or filing  required or permitted to be given to
the Plan Administrator under the Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand
delivered, or sent by registered or certified mail, to:

                        Director, Executive Compensation
                          and Employee Benefits
                       Hershey Foods Corporation
                       100 Crystal A Drive
                       Hershey, Pennsylvania 17033

                Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or,
if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark on the receipt
for registration or certification.

       7.11 SUCCESSORS.  The provisions of this Plan shall bind and inure to the
benefit of the Company and its  successors and assigns.  The term  successors as
used herein shall include any  corporation or other business entity which shall,
whether by merger, consolidation,  purchase of assets, or otherwise, acquire all
or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company, and successors of
any such corporation or other business entity.

       7.12 INCAPACITY.  If the Plan Administrator finds that any Participant or
beneficiary  to whom a benefit is payable  under this Plan is unable to care for
his affairs,  any payment due (unless prior claim therefore shall have been made
by a duly authorized  guardian or other legal  representative) may be paid, upon
appropriate  indemnification  of the Plan  Administrator,  to any  person who is
charged with the support of the  Participant  or  beneficiary.  Any such payment
shall be  payment  for the  account of the  Participant  and shall be a complete
discharge of any liability of the Company to the Participant or beneficiary.



                                     - 10 -



<PAGE>



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>DIR COMP PLAN
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.4

                            HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION

                           DIRECTORS COMPENSATION PLAN


                                        1

                                     PURPOSE

       The purposes of the  Directors'  Compensation  Plan (Plan) are to provide
Directors of Hershey Foods Corporation  (Corporation) with payment  alternatives
for the  retainer  and fees  payable  for  services  as a member of the Board of
Directors  (Board) of the  Corporation  or as a member or chair of any committee
thereof (together, Director Fees) and to promote the identification of interests
between such  Directors  and the  stockholders  of the  Corporation  by paying a
portion of the retainer in shares of Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share, of
the Corporation  (Common Stock) and providing Directors the opportunity to elect
to receive a greater portion of the retainer in Common Stock.


                                        2

                                   ELIGIBILITY

       Any Director of the Corporation who is not an employee of the Corporation
or any of its subsidiaries shall be eligible to participate in the Plan.


                                        3

                                     PAYMENT

       A Director  shall be entitled to Director  Fees, in such amounts as shall
be determined  by the Board,  for services on the Board and as a member or chair
of any  committee  of the  Board.  Except as  modified  by the  Board,  at least
one-third  of the portion of the Director  Fees  payable as the annual  retainer
shall be payable in shares of Common  Stock.  Directors may elect to have all or
any portion of such  retainer in excess of the  one-third  minimum to be paid in
shares of Common  Stock.  Fees  payable for services as a member or chair of any
committee of the Board shall be payable  currently  only in cash.  Any shares of
Common Stock  payable  under this Section 3 shall be paid by the issuance to the
Director  of a number of shares of Common  Stock equal to the cash amount of the
retainer so payable  divided by the Fair Market Value of one share of the Common
Stock,  as defined in Section 12 hereof.  Any  fractional  share of Common Stock
resulting  from such payment  shall be rounded to the nearest  whole share.  The
Corporation  shall issue share  certificates  to the  Director for the shares of
Common Stock  acquired or, if requested in writing by the Director and permitted
under such plan, the shares acquired shall be added to the Director's account



                                       -1-



<PAGE>



under the Corporation's  Automatic Dividend Reinvestment Plan. As of the date on
which the part or whole of the  retainer  is payable in shares of Common  Stock,
the Director  shall be a  stockholder  of the  Corporation  with respect to such
shares. Unless otherwise elected in Section 4, any remaining Director Fees shall
be payable in cash.


                                        4

                                    ELECTIONS

       (a)  Director Fee Payment Alternatives.  A Director may elect
any one of the following alternatives for the payment of Director
Fees:

               (1) to receive  currently  full payment in cash and Common Stock,
       as set  forth  in  Section  3 above,  on the  date or dates on which  the
       Director Fees are payable;

               (2) to defer  payment  of all or a portion of the  Director  Fees
       payable  in  cash  for  subsequent  payment  in cash  (a  "Cash  Deferral
       Election"); or

               (3) to defer payment of all or a portion of the Director Fees for
       subsequent   payment  in  shares  of  Common  Stock  (a  "Stock  Deferral
       Election").

       (b) Filing and Effectiveness of Elections.  The election by a Director to
receive  payment  of  Director  Fees other than as set forth in Section 3 on the
date on which the Director Fees are otherwise payable is made by filing with the
Secretary of the  Corporation a Notice of Election in the form prescribed by the
Corporation  (an  Election).  In order to be effective for any calendar year, an
Election  must be  received by the  Secretary  of the  Corporation  on or before
December 31 of the preceding  calendar  year,  except that if a Director files a
Notice of Election on or before 30 days  subsequent  to the  Director's  initial
election to the office of Director,  the Election shall be effective on the date
of filing with respect to Director  Fees payable for any portion of the calendar
year which  remains at the date of such filing.  An Election may not be modified
or terminated  after the beginning of a calendar year for which it is effective.
Unless  modified or  terminated  by filing a new Notice of Election on or before
December 31 immediately  preceding the calendar year for which such modification
or  termination  is effective,  an Election  shall be effective for and apply to
Director Fees payable for each subsequent calendar year. Director Fees earned at
any time for which an  Election is not  effective  shall be paid as set forth in
Section 3 on the date when the Director Fees are otherwise payable. Any Election
shall terminate on the date a Director ceases to be a member of the Board.

       (c)  Cash Deferral Elections.  Director Fees deferred pursuant
to a Cash Deferral Election shall be deferred and paid as provided
in Sections 5 and 7.  The Director may elect to defer payment of the



                                       -2-



<PAGE>



Common Stock  portion or cash  portion,  as  determined  under Section 3, of the
Director Fees  separately,  and any deferral of the portion of the Director Fees
payable in Common Stock shall be deemed to be a Stock Deferral  Election subject
to the  provisions  of  Section  4(d).  If only a portion of the  Director  Fees
otherwise  payable in cash for a calendar  year is  deferred  pursuant to a Cash
Deferral Election,  the Director Fees deferred shall be on a pro-rata basis with
the  Director  Fees earned and not deferred  (excluding  one-third of the annual
retainer) during such year after the Cash Deferral Election becomes effective up
to the amount of the Director Fees subject to such Cash Deferral Election.

       (d) Stock Deferral Elections.  Director Fees deferred pursuant to a Stock
Deferral  Election  shall be deferred  and paid as provided in Sections 6 and 7.
The  Director  may elect to defer  payment of the portion of the  Director  Fees
payable in Common Stock in accordance with Section 3 and any remaining  Director
Fees for later payment in Common Stock pursuant to a Stock Deferral Election. If
only a portion of the Director  Fees  otherwise  payable for a calendar  year is
deferred pursuant to a Stock Deferral Election, the Director Fees deferred shall
be on a pro-rata  basis with the Director  Fees earned and not  deferred  during
such year and payable after the Stock Deferral  Election becomes effective up to
the amount of the Director Fees subject to such Stock Deferral Election.

(e) Previous Deferral Election.  In addition to the amounts otherwise  permitted
to be deferred under this Plan, a current Director as of January 1, 1997 who has
previously deferred director fees under the Hershey Foods Corporation's Deferral
Plan for Non-Management  Directors (Prior Plan) may elect to credit any portion
of  their  deferral   accounts  under  the  Prior  Plan  to  the  Deferred  Cash
Compensation Account or the Deferred Stock Compensation Account under this Plan.
If a Director  elects to credit any portion of his account  under the Prior Plan
to the Deferred  Stock  Compensation  Account,  the amount of the credit to such
account shall be determined by dividing the account balance under the Prior Plan
by the Fair Market  Value of a share of Common Stock and rounding the balance to
the nearest  whole  share.  Credits  shall be made to the Plan  pursuant to this
Section as soon as  practicable  after an election  form has been filed with the
Secretary  of the  Corporation.  Amounts  so  credited  shall  become  part of a
Director's  account  under  this  Plan and  shall be  subject  to the  terms and
conditions of this Plan,  except that prior  elections as to payment of deferred
amounts  shall  remain in effect.  Once  amounts are  credited  to a  Director's
account  pursuant to this  Section,  they may not  thereafter be returned to the
Director's deferral accounts under the prior deferral arrangement.

                                        5

                       DEFERRED CASH COMPENSATION ACCOUNT

       (a)  General.  The amount of any Director Fees deferred in
accordance with a Cash Deferral Election shall be credited on the



                                       -3-



<PAGE>



date on which such  Director  Fees are  otherwise  payable  to a  deferred  cash
compensation  account  maintained by the Corporation in the name of the Director
(a "Deferred Cash Compensation  Account"). A separate Deferred Cash Compensation
Account  shall be  maintained  for each  calendar  year for which a Director has
elected a different number of payment installments or as otherwise may be agreed
between the Directors and the Corporation.

       (b)  Adjustment  for  Earnings  or Losses.  The amount in the  Director's
Deferred  Cash  Compensation  Account shall be adjusted to reflect net earnings,
gains  or  losses  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of the  Hershey  Foods
Corporation  Deferred  Compensation  Plan  relating  to  Investment  Credits and
Investment Options. The adjustment for earnings, gains or losses shall be equal
to the amount determined under (1) below as follows:

               (1) Deemed  Investment  Options.  The total amount  determined by
       multiplying the rate earned (positive or negative) by each fund available
       (taking into account earnings  distributed and share appreciation (gains)
       or  depreciation  (losses)  on the  value of  shares of the fund) for the
       applicable  period  by the  portion  of  the  balance  in the  Director's
       Deferred  Cash  Compensation  Account as of the end of each such  period,
       respectively,  which is deemed to be  invested  in such fund  pursuant to
       paragraph (2) below. Subject to elimination,  modification or addition by
       the Board,  the funds  available  for the  Director's  election of deemed
       investments  pursuant to paragraph (2) below shall be the funds available
       under the Investment  Options of the Hershey Foods  Corporation  Deferred
       Compensation Plan.

               (2)  Deemed Investment Elections.

                     (A) The Director shall  designate,  on a form prescribed by
               the Corporation,  the percentage,  of the deferred  Director Fees
               that are to be deemed to be invested in the available funds under
               paragraph  (1) above.  Said  designation  shall be effective on a
               date specified by the Board and remain in effect and apply to all
               subsequent  deferred  Director  Fees until  changed  as  provided
               below.

                     (B) A  Director  may elect to change,  on a  calendar  year
               basis (or on such other basis as  permitted  from time to time by
               the Board),  the deemed  investment  election under paragraph (A)
               above with respect to future deferred  Director Fees among one or
               more of the  options  then  available  by  written  notice to the
               Secretary  of  the  Corporation,  on a  form  prescribed  by  the
               Corporation (or by voice or other form of notice permitted by the
               Corporation),  at  least  10 days  before  the  first  day of the
               calendar  year as of which the  change is to be  effective,  with
               such change to be effective  for deferred  Director Fees credited
               to  the  Deferred  Cash  Compensation  Account  on or  after  the
               effective date.




                                       -4-



<PAGE>



                     (C) A Director may elect to  reallocate  the balance of his
               Deferred  Cash  Compensation  Account,   subject  to  limitations
               imposed by the Board, on a calendar year basis,  among the deemed
               investment  options then  available.  A Director may make such an
               election by written  notice to the Secretary of the  Corporation,
               on a form  prescribed  by the  Corporation  (or by voice or other
               form of notice  permitted by the  Corporation),  at least 10 days
               before  the  first  day of the  calendar  year  as of  which  the
               transfer  election is to be  effective,  with such transfer to be
               based on the value of the Deferred Cash  Compensation  Account on
               the last day of the preceding year.

                     (D) The  election of deemed  investments  among the options
               provided above shall be the sole responsibility of each Director.
               The  Corporation and Board members are not authorized to make any
               recommendation  to any Director  with  respect to such  election.
               Each Director  assumes all risk  connected with any adjustment to
               the value of his Deferred Cash Compensation Account.  Neither the
               Board nor the  Corporation in any way guarantees  against loss or
               depreciation.

                     (E) All payments  from the Plan shall be made pro rata from
               the portion of the Director's Deferred Cash Compensation  Account
               which is deemed to be invested in such funds as may be  available
               from time to time for deemed investment elections under the Plan.

                     (F) The  Corporation  shall not be required or obligated to
               invest any  amounts in the funds  provided  as deemed  investment
               options,   and  such  funds  shall  be  used  solely  to  measure
               investment  performance.  Further,  the Corporation  shall not be
               precluded  from  providing  for  its  liabilities   hereunder  by
               investing in such funds or in any other investments  deemed to be
               appropriate by the Board.

       (c)  Manner  of  Payment.  The  balance  of a  Director's  Deferred  Cash
Compensation  Account  will be paid to the  Director  or,  in the  event  of the
Director's death, to the Director's designated  beneficiary,  in accordance with
the Cash  Deferral  Election.  A  Director  may elect at the time of filing  the
Notice of  Election  for a Cash  Deferral  Election  to  receive  payment of the
Director Fees in annual  installments  rather than a lump sum, provided that the
payment period for installment payments shall not exceed ten years following the
Payment  Commencement  Date, as described in Section 7 hereof. The amount of any
installment shall be determined by multiplying (i) the balance in the Director's
Deferred Cash  Compensation  Account on the date of such  installment  by (ii) a
fraction,  the  numerator  of which is one and the  denominator  of which is the
number of  remaining  unpaid  installments.  The  balance of the  Deferred  Cash
Compensation  Account shall be  appropriately  reduced on the date of payment to
the Director or the Director's designated beneficiary to reflect the installment
payments made hereunder.



                                       -5-



<PAGE>



Amounts held pending  distribution  pursuant to this Section 5(c) shall continue
to be credited with the  earnings,  gains or losses as described in Section 5(b)
hereof.


                                        6

                       DEFERRED STOCK COMPENSATION ACCOUNT

       (a) General.  The amount of any Director Fees deferred in accordance with
a Stock Deferral  Election  shall be credited to a deferred  stock  compensation
account  maintained by the  Corporation in the name of the Director (a "Deferred
Stock Compensation  Account").  A separate Deferred Stock  Compensation  Account
shall be  maintained  for each  calendar year for which a Director has elected a
different  number of payment  installments  or as  otherwise  determined  by the
Board.  On each date on which  Director Fees are  otherwise  payable and a Stock
Deferral  Election is effective for a Director,  the  Director's  Deferred Stock
Compensation  Account for that  calendar year shall be credited with a number of
shares of Common Stock (including fractional shares) equal to the cash amount of
the Director  Fees payable  divided by the Fair Market Value of one share of the
Common  Stock,  as  defined  in  Section  12  hereof,  on the date on which such
Director Fees are payable.  If a dividend or  distribution is paid on the Common
Stock in cash or property other than Common Stock, on the date of payment of the
dividend or  distribution  to holders of the Common  Stock each  Deferred  Stock
Compensation  Account  shall be credited with a number of shares of Common Stock
(including  fractional  shares)  equal to the  number of shares of Common  Stock
credited  to such  Account on the date fixed for  determining  the  stockholders
entitled  to  receive  such  dividend  or  distribution  times the amount of the
dividend  or  distribution  paid per share of Common  Stock  divided by the Fair
Market Value of one share of the Common Stock,  as defined in Section 12 hereof,
on the date on which the dividend or  distribution  is paid.  If the dividend or
distribution  is paid in property,  the amount of the  dividend or  distribution
shall  equal  the fair  market  value of the  property  on the date on which the
dividend or distribution is paid. The Deferred Stock  Compensation  Account of a
Director shall be charged on the date of distribution  with any  distribution of
shares of Common  Stock  made to the  Director  from such  Account  pursuant  to
Section 6(d) hereof.

       (b)  Effective  January 1, 1997 the  Corporation  will no longer  provide
accruals under the Hershey Foods  Corporation  Non-Management  Directors Pension
Plan ("Pension Plan"). Effective as of that date, Directors participating in the
Pension  Plan  (other than those who are age 68 or older as of that date who may
elect to continue to  participate  in the Pension  Plan) will have their accrual
balances  as of that date  converted  into  equivalent  shares of Hershey  Foods
Common Stock and these shares will be credited to such Directors  Deferred Stock
Compensation Account established pursuant to this Section 6. The conversion rate
of the accrual to shares will be as  determined  by the Board of  Directors  and
will not necessarily be as provided for in this Plan.



                                       -6-



<PAGE>




       (c)  Adjustment  and  Substitution.  The number of shares of Common Stock
credited to each Deferred Stock  Compensation  Account shall be  proportionately
adjusted to reflect any dividend or other distribution on the outstanding Common
Stock  payable in shares of Common  Stock or any split or  consolidation  of the
outstanding  shares of Common Stock. If the  outstanding  Common Stock shall, in
whole or in part,  be changed  into or  exchangeable  for a  different  class or
classes of securities of the Corporation or securities of another corporation or
cash or  property  other than  Common  Stock,  whether  through  reorganization,
reclassification,  recapitalization,  merger,  consolidation  or otherwise,  the
Board shall adopt such amendments to the Plan as it deems necessary to carry out
the purposes of the Plan, including the continuing deferral of any amount of any
Deferred Stock Compensation Account.

       (d)  Manner of  Payment.  The  balance  of a  Director's  Deferred  Stock
Compensation Account including amounts credited pursuant to Section 6(b) will be
paid in  shares  of  Common  Stock  to the  Director  or,  in the  event  of the
Director's death, to the Director's designated  beneficiary,  in accordance with
the Stock Deferral  Election.  A Director may elect at the time of filing of the
Notice of  Election  for a Stock  Deferral  Election  to receive  payment of the
shares of Common Stock  credited to the Director's  Deferred Stock  Compensation
Account in annual installments rather than a lump sum, provided that the payment
period for installment payments shall not exceed ten years following the Payment
Commencement  Date as  described  in  Section 7 hereof.  The number of shares of
Common Stock  distributed in each installment shall be determined by multiplying
(i) the  number of shares of Common  Stock in the  Deferred  Stock  Compensation
Account on the date of  payment of such  installment,  by (ii) a  fraction,  the
numerator  of  which  is one and the  denominator  of  which  is the  number  of
remaining unpaid  installments,  and by rounding such result down to the nearest
whole  number of shares.  The balance of the number of shares of Common Stock in
the  Deferred  Stock  Compensation  Account  shall be  appropriately  reduced in
accordance  with Section 6(d) hereof to reflect the  installment  payments  made
hereunder.  Shares of Common Stock  remaining in a Deferred  Stock  Compensation
Account pending distribution  pursuant to this Section 6(d) shall continue to be
credited  with respect to dividends  or  distributions  paid on the Common Stock
pursuant to Section 6(a) hereof and shall be subject to  adjustment  pursuant to
Section  6(c)  hereof.  If a lump sum payment or the final  installment  payment
hereunder  would result in the issuance of a fractional  share of Common  Stock,
such  fractional  share shall not be issued and cash in lieu of such  fractional
share shall be paid to the Director based on the Fair Market Value of a share of
Common Stock, as defined in Section 12 hereof, on the date immediately preceding
the date of such payment.  The Corporation shall issue share certificates to the
Director,  or the Director's  designated  beneficiary,  for the shares of Common
Stock  distributed  hereunder,  or if  requested  in writing by the Director and
permitted  under such plan, the shares to be  distributed  shall be added to the
Director's account under the Corporation's Automatic Dividend Reinvestment Plan.
As of the date on which the Director is entitled to receive payment of shares of



                                       -7-



<PAGE>



Common Stock, a Director shall be a stockholder of the Corporation  with respect
to such shares.


                                        7

                            PAYMENT COMMENCEMENT DATE

       Payment of amounts in a Deferred Cash Compensation  Account or a Deferred
Stock  Compensation  Account shall commence on March 30 (or if March 30 is not a
business  day,  on the  first  preceding  business  day)  of the  calendar  year
following the calendar  year during which the Director  ceases to be a member of
the Board for any reason, including death or disability.


                                        8

                             BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION

       A Director may designate,  in the Beneficiary Designation form prescribed
by the  Corporation,  any  person to whom  payments  of cash or shares of Common
Stock  are to be made if the  Director  dies  before  receiving  payment  of all
amounts due hereunder.  A beneficiary  designation  will be effective only after
the  signed  beneficiary  designation  form is filed with the  Secretary  of the
Corporation  while  the  Director  is alive  and  will  cancel  all  beneficiary
designations  signed and filed  earlier.  If the  Director  fails to designate a
beneficiary,  or if all designated  beneficiaries of the Director die before the
Director or before complete payment of all amounts due hereunder,  any remaining
unpaid amounts shall be paid in one lump sum to the estate of the last to die of
the Director or the Director's designated beneficiaries, if any.


                                        9

                          NON-ALIENABILITY OF BENEFITS

       Neither the Director nor any beneficiary designated by the Director shall
have the right to, directly or indirectly,  alienate,  assign, transfer, pledge,
anticipate or encumber  (except by reason of death) any amount that is or may be
payable  hereunder,  nor  shall  any such  amount be  subject  to  anticipation,
alienation,  sale, transfer,  assignment,  pledge,  encumbrance,  attachment, or
garnishment  by  creditors  of  the  Director  or  the   Director's   designated
beneficiary or to the debts, contracts,  liabilities,  engagements,  or torts of
any Director or designated  beneficiary,  or transfer by operation of law in the
event of bankruptcy or  insolvency  of the Director or any  beneficiary,  or any
legal process.





                                       -8-



<PAGE>



                                       10

                           NATURE OF DEFERRED ACCOUNTS

       Any Deferred Cash  Compensation  Account or Deferred  Stock  Compensation
Account shall be established and maintained only on the books and records of the
Corporation,  and no assets or funds of the Corporation or the Plan or shares of
Common  Stock  of the  Corporation  shall be  removed  from  the  claims  of the
Corporation's  general or judgment  creditors or otherwise made available  until
such amounts are actually payable to Directors or their designated beneficiaries
as provided  herein.  The Plan  constitutes a mere promise by the Corporation to
make payments in the future.  The Directors and their  designated  beneficiaries
shall  have the  status  of,  and their  rights to  receive a payment of cash or
shares of Common  Stock  under the Plan shall be no greater  than the rights of,
general unsecured  creditors of the Corporation.  No person shall be entitled to
any  voting  rights  with  respect  to  shares  credited  to  a  Deferred  Stock
Compensation  Account  and not  yet  payable  to a  Director  or the  Director's
designated  beneficiary.  The  Corporation  shall  not be  obligated  under  any
circumstance to fund its financial  obligations  under the Plan, and the Plan is
intended  to  constitute  an  unfunded  plan  for  tax  purposes.  However,  the
Corporation may, in its discretion, set aside funds in a trust or other vehicle,
subject to the  claims of its  creditors,  in order to assist it in meeting  its
obligations  under the Plan, if such  arrangement  will not cause the Plan to be
considered a funded deferred  compensation  plan under the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986, as amended.


                                       11

                   ADMINISTRATION OF PLAN; HARDSHIP WITHDRAWAL

       Full power and authority to construe,  interpret, and administer the Plan
shall be vested in the Board. Decisions of the Board shall be final, conclusive,
and  binding  upon all  parties.  Notwithstanding  the terms of a Cash  Deferral
Election or a Stock Deferral  Election made by a Director  hereunder,  the Board
may, in its sole  discretion,  permit the  withdrawal  of amounts  credited to a
Deferred  Cash  Compensation  Account or shares  credited  to a  Deferred  Stock
Compensation Account with respect to Director Fees previously payable,  upon the
request of a Director or the Director's  representative,  or following the death
of a Director upon the request of a Director's beneficiary or such beneficiary's
representative,  if the Board  determines  that the  Director or the  Director's
beneficiary,  as the case may be, is confronted with an unforeseeable emergency.
For this  purpose,  an  unforeseeable  emergency is an  unanticipated  emergency
caused by an event that is beyond the control of the Director or the  Director's
beneficiary and that would result in severe  financial  hardship to the Director
or  the  Director's  beneficiary  if  an  early  hardship  withdrawal  were  not
permitted. The Director or the Director's beneficiary shall provide to the Board
such evidence as the Board, in its discretion, may



                                       -9-



<PAGE>



require to demonstrate that such emergency  exists and financial  hardship would
occur if the withdrawal were not permitted.  The withdrawal  shall be limited to
the amount or to the number of shares, as the case may be, necessary to meet the
emergency.  For  purposes  of the  Plan,  a  hardship  shall  be  considered  to
constitute an immediate and unforeseen financial hardship if the Director has an
unexpected  need for cash to pay for  expenses  incurred  by the  Director  or a
member of the  Director's  immediate  family  (spouse  and/or natural or adopted
children)  such as those arising from  illness,  casualty  loss, or death.  Cash
needs  arising from  foreseeable  events,  such as the purchase or building of a
house or  education  expenses,  will not be  considered  to be the  result of an
unforeseeable financial emergency.  Payment shall be made as soon as practicable
after the Board approves the payment and determines the amount of the payment or
number of shares which shall be withdrawn, in a single lump sum from the portion
of the  Deferred  Cash  Compensation  Account  or  Deferred  Stock  Compensation
Account,  as  applicable,  with  the  largest  number  and in  reverse  order of
installment  payments, in each case in accordance with Section 5(b)(2)(E) if the
distribution is from the Deferred Cash Compensation  Account.  No Director shall
participate in any decision of the Board regarding such Director's request for a
withdrawal under this Section 11.


                                       12

                                FAIR MARKET VALUE

       Fair market value of the Common Stock shall be the average of the closing
price for all trading  dates of the month  immediately  preceding the date as of
which fair market value is to be determined as quoted in The Wall Street Journal
(or in such other  reliable  publication  as the Board or its  delegate,  in its
discretion, may determine to rely upon) of the Common Stock.


                                       13

                       SECURITIES LAWS; ISSUANCE OF SHARES

       The  obligation  of the  Corporation  to issue or credit shares of Common
Stock under the Plan shall be subject to (i) the effectiveness of a registration
statement  under the  Securities  Act of 1933, as amended,  with respect to such
shares, if deemed necessary or appropriate by counsel for the Corporation,  (ii)
the condition  that the shares shall have been listed (or authorized for listing
upon official notice of issuance) upon each stock exchange, if any, on which the
Common  Stock  shares  may then be listed and (iii) all other  applicable  laws,
regulations,  rules and orders  which may then be in effect.  If, on the date on
which any shares of Common Stock would be issued or credited to a Deferred Stock
Compensation Account,  sufficient shares of Common Stock are not available under
the Plan or the Corporation is not obligated to



                                      -10-



<PAGE>


issue  shares  pursuant to this Section 13, then no shares of Common Stock shall
be issued  or  credited  but  rather,  in the case of Common  Stock to be issued
currently,  cash shall be paid in payment of the Director Fees  payable,  and in
the case of a Deferred Stock Compensation  Account,  Director Fees and dividends
which would  otherwise  have been  credited  in shares of Common  Stock shall be
credited  in cash to a  Deferred  Cash  Compensation  Account in the name of the
Director.  The Board shall adopt  appropriate rules and regulations to carry out
the intent of the immediately  preceding sentence if the need for such rules and
regulations arises.

                                       14

                                  GOVERNING LAW

       The  provisions  of this  Plan  shall be  interpreted  and  construed  in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.


                                       15

                    EFFECTIVE DATE; AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

       The Plan was adopted by the Board on December 4, 1996,  and is  effective
as of January 1, 1997.  The Board may amend or  terminate  the Plan at any time,
provided that no such amendment or  termination  shall  adversely  affect rights
with  respect  to  amounts  or  shares  then   credited  to  any  Deferred  Cash
Compensation Account or Deferred Stock Compensation Account.



                                      -11-



<PAGE>



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>RATIO OF EARNINGS
<TEXT>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION                                             EXHIBIT 12
                                  COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO  FIXED CHARGES
                          For  the Years Ended December 31, 1996,  1995,  1994, 1993,  and 1992 
                                     (in thousands of dollars  except for ratios)
                                                (Unaudited)

                                                                        1996        1995         1994         1993        1992
                                                                        ----        ----         ----         ----        ----
Earnings:

<S>                                                                   <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
    Income from continuing operations before
         income taxes and accounting changes .........................$479,737(a)  $465,953(b)  $333,138(c)  $510,875(d)  $400,988

    Add (Deduct):

         Interest on indebtedness.....................................  52,036       47,568       37,249       30,224       29,708

         Portion of rents representative of the interest factor(e)....   8,618        8,176        8,556        8,175        7,987

         Amortization of debt expense.................................     234           97           64           84          165

         Amortization of capitalized interest.........................   3,359        3,183        2,958        2,684        1,988

         Adjustment for equity companies(f)...........................      --          --           --          --            628

         Adjustment for majority-owned subsidiary(g)..................      --          --           --          --             17
                                                                      --------     --------     --------     --------     --------
              Earnings as adjusted....................................$534,984     $524,977     $381,965     $552,042     $441,481
                                                                      ========     ========     ========     ========     ========

Fixed Charges:

    Interest on indebtedness.......................................... $52,036      $47,568      $37,249      $30,224      $29,708

    Portion of rents representative of the interest factor(e).........   8,618        8,176       8,556        8,175        7,987

    Amortization of debt expense......................................     234           97          64           84          165

    Capitalized interest..............................................   1,534        1,957       3,009        4,646       12,055
                                                                         -----        -----       -----        -----       ------

         Total fixed charges.......................................... $62,422      $57,798     $48,878      $43,129      $49,915
                                                                       =======      =======     =======      =======      =======

Ratio of earnings to fixed charges....................................    8.71         9.08        7.81        12.80         8.84
                                                                          ====         ====        ====        =====         ====
</TABLE>

NOTES:

(a)  Includes a loss on the disposal of businesses of $35.4 million.

(b)  Includes a restructuring credit of $.2 million.

(c)  Includes a restructuring charge of $106.1 million.

(d)  Includes  a gain of $80.6  million on the sale of the  Corporation's  18.6%
     investment interest in Freia Marabou a.s.

(e)  Portion  of  rents  representative  of  the  interest  factor  consists  of
     one-third of rental expense for operating leases.

(f)  Adjustment for equity companies  includes the  eliminations  from income of
     both  undistributed  earnings and losses of companies in which at least 20%
     but less than 50% equity is owned. In April 1992, the Corporation  sold its
     equity interest in its Brazilian joint venture.

(g)  In December 1992, the Corporation purchased the remaining shares of Hershey
     Japan.  Prior to the  acquisition,  the  Corporation  owned 51% of  Hershey
     Japan.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>1996 CONSOL FIN & MD&A
<TEXT>


                                  Appendix B
 
   CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            PAGE
                                                                            ----
<S>                                                                         <C>
Management's Discussion and Analysis.......................................  B-1
Consolidated Financial Statements..........................................  B-9
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements................................. B-13
Responsibility for Financial Statements.................................... B-28
Report of Independent Public Accountants................................... B-29
Eleven-Year Consolidated Financial Summary................................. B-30
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
 
                           HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION
 
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
 
OPERATING RESULTS
 
  The Corporation achieved record sales levels in 1996 and 1995. Net sales
during this two-year period increased at a compound annual rate of 5%,
primarily reflecting volume growth from the introduction of new confectionery
and grocery products and significant volume increases from seasonal packaged
candy items. Sales increases also resulted from selected confectionery selling
price increases in the United States partially offset by related sales volume
declines, increased confectionery sales volume in various international
markets and incremental sales from the acquisition of Henry Heide,
Incorporated (Henry Heide). These increases were partially offset by lower
sales resulting from the divestitures of Hershey Canada, Inc.'s PLANTERS nut
(Planters) and LIFE SAVERS and BREATH SAVERS hard candy, and BEECH-NUT cough
drops (Life Savers) businesses in January 1996 and Overspecht B.V. (OZF Jamin)
in the second quarter of 1995. The discontinuance of the Corporation's
refrigerated pudding line in late 1994 also reduced sales during the two-year
period.
 
  Hershey Chocolate U.S.A. increased the wholesale price of its standard bar
line and king size bars by approximately eleven percent in December 1995.
These products represented approximately 25% of the Corporation's 1995 sales.
Price increases were intended to offset higher costs for raw materials and
packaging, together with the cumulative impact of inflation on other costs
since the last standard bar price increase in early 1991. Hershey Pasta Group
implemented selected price increases in late 1993, early 1994 and late 1995 in
an effort to recover substantial increases in semolina costs. The price
increases have not been sufficient to recover the full impact of the higher
semolina costs, partly due to competition from subsidized pasta imports
shipped into the United States.
 
  The following acquisitions and divestitures occurred during the period:
 
  . December 1996--The acquisition from an affiliate of Huhtamaki Oy
    (Huhtamaki), the international foods company based in Finland, of
    Huhtamaki's Leaf North America (Leaf) confectionery operations for $437.2
    million, plus the assumption of $17.0 million in debt. In addition, the
    parties entered into a trademark and technology license agreement under
    which the Corporation will manufacture and/or market and distribute in
    North, Central and South America Huhtamaki's confectionery brands
    including GOOD & PLENTY, HEATH, JOLLY RANCHER, MILK DUDS, PAYDAY and
    WHOPPERS.
 
  . December 1996--The sale to Huhtamaki of the outstanding shares of Gubor
    Holding GmbH (Gubor) and Sperlari, S.r.l. (Sperlari). Gubor manufactures
    and markets high-quality assorted pralines and seasonal chocolate
    products in Germany and Sperlari manufactures and markets various
    confectionery and grocery products in Italy. The sale resulted in an
    after-tax loss of $35.4 million, since no tax benefit associated with the
    transaction was recorded. Combined net sales for Gubor and Sperlari were
    $216.6 million, $222.0 million and $186.6 million in 1996, 1995 and 1994,
    respectively.
 
  . January 1996--The sale of the assets of Hershey Canada, Inc.'s Planters
    and Life Savers businesses to Johnvince Foods Group and Beta Brands Inc.,
    respectively. Both transactions were part of a restructuring program
    announced by the Corporation in late 1994.
 
  . December 1995--The acquisition of Henry Heide, a confectionery company
    which manufactures a variety of non-chocolate confectionery products
    including JUJYFRUITS candy and WUNDERBEANS jellybeans.
 
  . June 1995--The sale of the outstanding shares of OZF Jamin to a
    management buyout group at OZF Jamin also as part of the restructuring
    program.
 
  Income, excluding the loss on disposal of businesses in 1996 and the net
after-tax effect of restructuring activities recorded in 1994, increased at a
compound annual rate of 8% during the two-year
 
                                      B-1
<PAGE>
 
period. This increase was a result of the growth in sales, partially offset by
a slightly lower gross profit margin and higher selling, marketing and
administrative expenses.
 
  The Corporation's net sales, net income and cash flows are affected by the
timing of business acquisitions and divestitures, new product introductions,
promotional activities, price increases, and a seasonal sales bias toward the
second half of the year. These factors, from time to time, cause fluctuations
in net sales and net income versus the comparable quarterly periods of prior
years.
 
NET SALES
 
  Net sales rose $298.6 million or 8% in 1996 and $84.4 million or 2% in 1995.
The increase in 1996 was primarily due to incremental sales from new
confectionery and grocery products, increased confectionery sales volume in
the North American seasonal packaged candy line and in various international
markets, selected confectionery selling price increases in the United States
partially offset by related sales volume declines, and incremental sales from
the acquisition of Henry Heide. The increase in 1995 was due to incremental
sales from new confectionery and grocery products, volume growth from existing
domestic and foreign confectionery brands and pasta products, and selected
selling price increases, principally in the Corporation's foreign businesses.
These increases were partially offset by lower sales resulting from the
divestiture of OZF Jamin in the second quarter of 1995 and the discontinuance
of the Corporation's refrigerated pudding line in late 1994.
 
COSTS AND EXPENSES
 
  Cost of sales as a percent of net sales declined from 58.2% in 1994 to 57.6%
in 1995, but increased slightly to 57.7% in 1996. The decrease in gross margin
in 1996 was principally the result of higher costs for certain major raw
materials, primarily cocoa beans, milk, almonds and durum semolina and
increased manufacturing labor and overhead rates, substantially offset by
selected confectionery price increases, manufacturing efficiency improvements
and the favorable impact of the OZF Jamin divestiture. The increase in gross
margin in 1995 was primarily the result of manufacturing efficiency
improvements, selling price increases in the Corporation's foreign businesses,
and the favorable impact of the OZF Jamin divestiture. These increases were
partially offset by higher costs for certain major raw materials and
packaging, along with inflation in labor and overhead costs.
 
  Selling, marketing and administrative costs increased by 7% in 1996
primarily due to a net increase in advertising and promotion expenses
associated with the introduction of new products and higher selling expenses
primarily related to international sales volume increases and new product
introductions. Selling, marketing and administrative costs increased by 2% in
1995 primarily due to increased advertising for existing confectionery brands
and the introduction of new products, partially offset by reduced promotion
and administrative expenses.
 
RESTRUCTURING ACTIVITIES
 
  In the fourth quarter of 1994, the Corporation recorded a pre-tax
restructuring charge of $106.1 million ($80.2 million after tax or $.46 per
share) following a comprehensive review of domestic and foreign operations
designed to enhance performance of operating assets by lowering operating and
administrative costs, eliminating underperforming assets and streamlining the
overall decision-making process. As of December 31, 1995, $81.8 million of
restructuring reserves had been utilized and $16.7 million had been reversed
to reflect revisions and changes in estimates to the original restructuring
program.
 
  During the third quarter of 1995, a pre-tax restructuring charge of $16.6
million was recorded in connection with a voluntary retirement program
announced by the Corporation in August 1995. The charge was primarily related
to the funding of retirement benefits for eligible employees who elected
 
                                      B-2
<PAGE>
 
early retirement. The impact of this charge was more than offset by the
partial reversal of 1994 accrued restructuring reserves, resulting in an
increase to income before income taxes of $.2 million and an increase to net
income of $2.0 million as the tax benefit associated with the 1995 charge more
than offset the tax provision associated with the reversal of 1994
restructuring reserves.
 
  The remaining $7.6 million of accrued restructuring reserves were utilized
during 1996 as the restructuring program was completed. A portion of the
restructuring reserves were used for severance and relocation benefits related
to the consolidation of the pasta and grocery field sales organizations.
 
INTEREST EXPENSE, NET
 
  Net interest expense increased $3.2 million in 1996 as higher fixed interest
expense was only partially offset by reduced short-term interest expense.
Increased fixed interest expense resulted from the issuance of $200 million of
6.7% Notes due 2005 (Notes) in the fourth quarter of 1995. Lower short-term
interest expense resulted from lower average borrowing balances and reduced
interest rates as compared to 1995.
 
  Net interest expense increased $9.5 million in 1995 primarily as a result of
higher short-term interest expense. Short-term interest expense increased due
to higher borrowing rates and increased borrowings associated with the
purchase of approximately 9.0 million shares, on a pre-split basis, of the
Corporation's Common Stock from the Hershey Trust Company, as Trustee for the
benefit of Milton Hershey School (Milton Hershey School Trust).
 
PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES
 
  The Corporation's effective income tax rate was 43.1%, 39.5%, and 44.7% in
1996, 1995 and 1994, respectively. The higher 1996 rate compared to 1995 was
due primarily to the lack of any tax benefit associated with the loss on
disposal of businesses. The lower rate in 1995 compared to 1994 was
principally due to the impact of restructuring activities.
 
NET INCOME
 
  Net income decreased by 3% in 1996. Excluding the loss on the disposal of
the Gubor and Sperlari businesses in 1996 and the net after-tax effects of the
1995 restructuring activities, income increased $28.6 million or 10%. Net
income increased $15.5 million or 6% in 1995, excluding the net after-tax
effects of the 1995 and 1994 restructuring activities. Income as a percent of
net sales, after excluding the loss on the sale of the Gubor and Sperlari
businesses in 1996 and the net after-tax effects of restructuring activities
in 1995 and 1994 was 7.7% in 1996, 7.6% in 1995 and 7.3% in 1994.
 
FINANCIAL POSITION
 
  The Corporation's financial position remained strong during 1996. The
capitalization ratio (total short-term and long-term debt as a percent of
stockholders' equity, short-term and long-term debt) was 46% as of December
31, 1996, and 42% as of December 31, 1995. The higher capitalization ratio in
1996 primarily reflected increased borrowings for business acquisitions and
share repurchases. The ratio of current assets to current liabilities was
1.2:1 as of December 31, 1996, and 1.1:1 as of December 31, 1995.
 
ASSETS
 
  Total assets increased $354.2 million or 13% as of December 31, 1996,
primarily as a result of increases in inventories, property, plant and
equipment and intangibles resulting from the Leaf acquisition, offset somewhat
by decreases associated with the divestitures of Gubor and Sperlari.
 
                                      B-3
<PAGE>
 
  Current assets increased by $63.9 million or 7% reflecting increased cash
and cash equivalents and higher inventories in existing businesses, partly to
support the introduction of new products, and current assets resulting from
the Leaf acquisition, substantially offset by decreases associated with the
business divestitures.
 
  The $165.9 million net increase in property, plant and equipment principally
reflected the Leaf acquisition and capital additions of $159.4 million, partly
offset by the divestiture of the Gubor and Sperlari businesses, and
depreciation expense of $119.4 million.
 
  The increase in intangibles resulting from business acquisitions primarily
reflected preliminary goodwill associated with the acquisition of the Leaf
confectionery operations, partially offset by a decrease related to the
divestiture of the Gubor and Sperlari businesses and the amortization of
intangibles. The decrease in other assets was primarily associated with
employee retirement plans.
 
LIABILITIES
 
  Total liabilities increased by $276.1 million or 16% as of December 31,
1996, primarily due to an increase in long-term debt. The increase in long-
term debt of $298.3 million reflected an increase in commercial paper
borrowings associated with the acquisition of Leaf, net of proceeds received
from the sale of the Gubor, Sperlari, Planters and Life Savers businesses. As
of December 31, 1996, $300.0 million of commercial paper borrowings were
reclassified as long-term debt in accordance with the Corporation's intent and
ability to refinance such obligations on a long-term basis.
 
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
 
  Total stockholders' equity rose by 7% in 1996, as net income exceeded
dividends paid and the repurchase of Common Stock. Total stockholders' equity
has increased at a compound annual rate of 5% over the past ten years.
 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE
 
  The Corporation has two classes of stock outstanding, Common Stock and Class
B Common Stock (Class B Stock). Holders of the Common Stock and the Class B
Stock generally vote together without regard to class on matters submitted to
stockholders, including the election of directors, with the Common Stock
having one vote per share and the Class B Stock having ten votes per share.
However, the Common Stock, voting separately as a class, is entitled to elect
one-sixth of the Board of Directors. With respect to dividend rights, the
Common Stock is entitled to cash dividends 10% higher than those declared and
paid on the Class B Stock.
 
LIQUIDITY
 
  Historically, the Corporation's major source of financing has been cash
generated from operations. The Corporation's income and, consequently, cash
provided from operations during the year are affected by seasonal sales
patterns, the timing of new product introductions, business acquisitions and
divestitures, and price increases. Chocolate, confectionery and grocery
seasonal and holiday-related sales have typically been highest during the
third and fourth quarters of the year, representing the principal seasonal
effect. Generally, seasonal working capital needs peak during the summer
months and have been met by issuing commercial paper.
 
  Over the past three years, cash requirements for share repurchases, business
acquisitions, capital additions, and dividend payments exceeded cash provided
from operating activities and proceeds from business divestitures by $404.6
million. Total debt, including debt assumed, increased during the period by
$453.9 million. Cash and cash equivalents increased by $45.5 million during
the period.
 
 
                                      B-4
<PAGE>
 
  The Corporation anticipates that capital expenditures will be in the range
of $175 million to $225 million per annum during the next several years as a
result of continued modernization of existing facilities and capacity
expansion to support new products and line extensions. As of December 31,
1996, the Corporation's principal capital commitments included manufacturing
capacity expansion and modernization.
 
  In August 1996, the Corporation's Board of Directors declared a two-for-one
split of the Common Stock and Class B Common Stock effective September 13,
1996, to stockholders of record as of August 23, 1996. The split was effected
as a stock dividend by distributing one additional share for each share held.
Unless otherwise indicated, all shares and per share information have been
restated to reflect the stock split.
 
  A total of 9,437,770 shares of Common Stock have been repurchased for
approximately $263.7 million under share repurchase programs which began in
1993. Of the shares repurchased, 528,000 shares were retired and the remaining
8,909,770 shares were held as Treasury Stock as of December 31, 1996.
 
  In August 1995, the Corporation purchased an additional 18,099,546 shares
(9,049,773 shares on a pre-split basis) of its Common Stock to be held as
Treasury Stock from the Milton Hershey School Trust for $500.0 million. In
connection with the share repurchase program begun in 1993, a total of
4,000,000 shares (2,000,000 shares on a pre-split basis) were also acquired
from the Milton Hershey School Trust in 1993 for approximately $103.1 million.
As of December 31, 1996, a total of 27,009,316 shares were held as Treasury
Stock and $136.3 million remained available for repurchases of Common Stock
under a program approved by the Corporation's Board of Directors in February
1996.
 
  In October 1995, the Corporation issued $200 million of Notes under Form S-3
Registration Statements which were declared effective in June 1990 and
November 1993. As of December 31, 1996, $300 million of debt securities
remained available for issuance under the November 1993 Registration
Statement. Proceeds from any offering of the $300 million of debt securities
available under the shelf registration may be used for general corporate
requirements including, reducing existing commercial paper borrowings,
financing capital additions and funding future business acquisitions and
working capital requirements.
 
  In March 1997, the Corporation issued $150 million of 6.95% Notes due 2007
under the November 1993 Registration Statement. Proceeds from the debt
issuance were used to repay a portion of the commercial paper borrowings
associated with the Leaf acquisition.
 
  In order to minimize its financing costs and to manage interest rate
exposure, the Corporation, from time to time, enters into interest rate swap
agreements to effectively convert a portion of its floating rate debt to fixed
rate debt. As of December 31, 1996, the Corporation had agreements outstanding
with an aggregate notional amount of $125.0 million, with maturities through
October 1997. Any interest rate differential on interest rate swaps is
recognized as an adjustment to interest expense over the term of each
agreement. The Corporation's risk related to swap agreements is limited to the
cost of replacing such agreements at current market rates.
 
  In December 1995, the Corporation entered into committed credit facility
agreements with a syndicate of banks under which it could borrow up to $600
million with options to increase borrowings by $1.0 billion with the
concurrence of the banks. Lines of credit previously maintained by the
Corporation were significantly reduced when the credit facility agreements
became effective. Of the total committed credit facility, $200 million is for
a renewable 364-day term and $400 million is effective for a five-year term.
Both the short-term and long-term committed credit facility agreements were
amended and renewed effective December 13, 1996. The credit facilities may be
used to fund general corporate requirements, to support commercial paper
borrowings and, in certain instances, to finance future business acquisitions.
 
 
                                      B-5
<PAGE>
 
CASH FLOW ACTIVITIES
 
  Cash provided from operating activities totaled $1.3 billion during the past
three years. Over this period, cash used by or provided from accounts
receivable and inventories has tended to fluctuate as a result of sales during
December and inventory management practices. The change in cash required for
or provided from other assets and liabilities between the years was primarily
related to variations in the funding status of pension plans, commodities
transactions and the timing of payments for accrued liabilities, including
income taxes, and in 1995 and 1994, restructuring expenses.
 
  Investing activities included capital additions and business acquisitions
and divestitures. Capital additions during the past three years included the
purchase of manufacturing equipment, and expansion and modernization of
existing facilities. Businesses acquired during the past three years included
Leaf in 1996 and Henry Heide in 1995. The Gubor, Sperlari, Planters and Life
Savers businesses were sold in 1996 and OZF Jamin was sold in 1995. Cash used
for business acquisitions represented the purchase price paid and consisted of
the current assets, property, plant and equipment, intangibles and other
assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed.
 
  Financing activities included debt borrowings and repayments, payment of
dividends, the exercise of stock options, incentive plan transactions and the
repurchase of Common Stock. During the past three years, short-term borrowings
in the form of commercial paper or bank borrowings were used to fund seasonal
working capital requirements, business acquisitions, a share repurchase
program and the purchase of Common Stock from the Milton Hershey School Trust.
The proceeds from the issuance of $200 million of Notes in October 1995 were
used to reduce short-term borrowings. During the past three years, a total of
22,391,116 shares of Common Stock has been repurchased for approximately
$631.9 million. Cash requirements for incentive plan transactions were $75.3
million during the past three years, partially offset by cash received from
the exercise of stock options of $40.6 million.
 
COMMODITY PRICE RISK MANAGEMENT
 
  The Corporation's most significant raw materials include cocoa, sugar, milk,
peanuts, flour and almonds. The Corporation attempts to minimize the effect of
price fluctuations related to the purchase of these raw materials primarily
through forward purchasing to cover future manufacturing requirements,
generally for periods from 3 to 24 months. With regard to cocoa, sugar and
corn sweeteners, price risks are also managed by entering into futures and
options contracts. At the present time, similar futures and options contracts
are not available for use in pricing the Corporation's other major raw
materials. Futures contracts are used in combination with forward purchasing
of cocoa, sugar and corn sweetener requirements, principally to take advantage
of market fluctuations which provide more favorable pricing opportunities and
to increase diversity or flexibility in sourcing these raw materials. The
Corporation's commodity procurement practices are intended to reduce the risk
of future price increases, but also may potentially limit the ability to
benefit from possible price decreases.
 
  The cost of cocoa beans and the prices for the related commodity futures
contracts historically have been subject to wide fluctuations attributable to
a variety of factors, including the effect of weather on crop yield, other
imbalances between supply and demand, currency exchange rates and speculative
influences. Cocoa prices have been rising since 1992 due to cocoa demand
exceeding production. During 1996, prices for cocoa futures were relatively
stable as a result of record high cocoa production in West Africa. During
1997, any problems with the development of the West African crop to be
harvested beginning in the fall, could result in demand exceeding production,
leading to possible cocoa futures price increases. The Corporation's costs
during 1997 will not necessarily reflect market price fluctuations because of
its forward purchasing practices, premiums and discounts reflective of
 
                                      B-6
<PAGE>
 
relative values, varying delivery times, and supply and demand for specific
varieties and grades of cocoa beans.
 
  The major raw material used in the manufacture of pasta products is semolina
milled from durum wheat. The Corporation purchases semolina from commercial
mills and is also engaged in custom milling agreements to obtain sufficient
quantities of semolina. In the first half of 1996, the market price for durum
semolina remained near historic highs. Durum wheat production during 1996
increased in almost every area of the world, resulting in some price declines
in the last quarter of the year. However, prices remained well above long-term
historical price levels.
 
  Generally, the Corporation has been able to offset the effects of increases
in the cost of its major raw materials, particularly cocoa beans, through
selling price increases or reductions in product weights. Conversely, declines
in the cost of major raw materials have served as a source of funds to enhance
consumer value through increases in product weights, respond to competitive
activity, develop new products and markets, and offset rising costs of other
raw materials and expenses.
 
MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDENDS
 
  Cash dividends paid on the Corporation's Common Stock and Class B Stock were
$114.8 million in 1996 and $110.1 million in 1995. After adjustment for the
two-for-one stock split, the annual dividend rate on the Common Stock was $.80
per share, an increase of 11% over the 1995 rate of $.72 per share. The 1996
dividend represented the 22nd consecutive year of Common Stock dividend
increases.
 
  On February 4, 1997, the Corporation's Board of Directors declared a
quarterly dividend of $.20 per share of Common Stock payable on March 14,
1997, to stockholders of record as of February 24, 1997. It is the
Corporation's 269th consecutive Common Stock dividend. A quarterly dividend of
$.18 per share of Class B Stock also was declared.
 
  Hershey Foods Corporation's Common Stock is listed and traded principally on
the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "HSY."
Approximately 47.0 million shares of the Corporation's Common Stock were
traded during 1996. The Class B Stock is not publicly traded.
 
  The closing price of the Common Stock on December 31, 1996, was $43 3/4.
There were 42,483 stockholders of record of the Common Stock and the Class B
Stock as of December 31, 1996.
 
 
                                      B-7
<PAGE>
 
  The following table shows the dividends paid per share of Common Stock and
Class B Stock and the price range of the Common Stock for each quarter of the
past two years:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                DIVIDENDS
                  PAID         COMMON STOCK
                PER SHARE      PRICE RANGE*
              ------------- -------------------
                     CLASS
              COMMON   B
              STOCK  STOCK    HIGH       LOW
              ------ ------ --------- ---------
<S>           <C>    <C>    <C>       <C>
1996
  1st Quarter $ .180 $.1625 $40 5/8   $31 15/16
  2nd Quarter   .180  .1625  38 15/16  34 7/8
  3rd Quarter   .200  .1800  51 3/4    35
  4th Quarter   .200  .1800  51 3/4    43 1/2
              ------ ------
    Total     $ .760 $.6850
              ====== ======
1995
  1st Quarter $.1625 $.1475 $26 3/16  $24
  2nd Quarter  .1625  .1475  27 15/16  25 1/16
  3rd Quarter  .1800  .1625  32 7/16   26 13/16
  4th Quarter  .1800  .1625  33 15/16  29 1/2
              ------ ------
    Total     $.6850 $.6200
              ====== ======
</TABLE>
- --------
* NYSE-Composite Quotations for Common Stock by calendar quarter.
 
RETURN MEASURES
 
OPERATING RETURN ON AVERAGE STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
 
  The Corporation's operating return on average stockholders' equity was 27.5%
in 1996. Over the most recent five-year period, the return has ranged from
17.3% in 1992 to 27.5% in 1996. For the purpose of calculating operating
return on average stockholders' equity, earnings is defined as net income,
excluding the catch-up adjustments for accounting changes and the after-tax
gain on the sale of the investment in Freia Marabou a.s (Freia) in 1993, the
after-tax restructuring activities in 1994 and 1995 and the after-tax loss on
the disposal of businesses in 1996.
 
OPERATING RETURN ON AVERAGE INVESTED CAPITAL
 
  The Corporation's operating return on average invested capital was 17.8% in
1996. Over the most recent five-year period, the return has ranged from 14.4%
in 1992 to 17.8% in 1996. Average invested capital consists of the annual
average of beginning and ending balances of long-term debt, deferred income
taxes and stockholders' equity. For the purpose of calculating operating
return on average invested capital, earnings is defined as net income,
excluding the sale of the investment in Freia, the catch-up adjustments for
accounting changes, the after-tax restructuring activities in 1994 and 1995,
the after-tax loss on disposal of businesses in 1996, and the after-tax effect
of interest on long-term debt.
 
                                      B-8
<PAGE>
 
                           HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION
 
                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,            1996        1995       1994
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS EXCEPT PER
SHARE AMOUNTS
<S>                                      <C>         <C>        <C>
NET SALES                                $3,989,308  $3,690,667 $3,606,271
                                         ----------  ---------- ----------
COSTS AND EXPENSES:
  Cost of sales                           2,302,089   2,126,274  2,097,556
  Selling, marketing and administrative   1,124,087   1,053,758  1,034,115
                                         ----------  ---------- ----------
    Total costs and expenses              3,426,176   3,180,032  3,131,671
                                         ----------  ---------- ----------
RESTRUCTURING CREDIT (CHARGE)                   --          151   (106,105)
LOSS ON DISPOSAL OF BUSINESSES              (35,352)        --         --
                                         ----------  ---------- ----------
INCOME BEFORE INTEREST AND INCOME TAXES     527,780     510,786    368,495
  Interest expense, net                      48,043      44,833     35,357
                                         ----------  ---------- ----------
INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES                  479,737     465,953    333,138
  Provision for income taxes                206,551     184,034    148,919
                                         ----------  ---------- ----------
NET INCOME                               $  273,186  $  281,919 $  184,219
                                         ==========  ========== ==========
NET INCOME PER SHARE                     $     1.77  $     1.70 $     1.06
                                         ==========  ========== ==========
CASH DIVIDENDS PAID PER SHARE:
  Common Stock                           $    .7600  $    .6850 $    .6250
  Class B Common Stock                        .6850       .6200      .5675
</TABLE>
 
 
The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these
statements.
 
                                      B-9
<PAGE>
 
                           HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION
 
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
DECEMBER 31,                                              1996        1995
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
<S>                                                    <C>         <C>
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS:
  Cash and cash equivalents                            $   61,422  $   32,346
  Accounts receivable--trade                              294,606     326,024
  Inventories                                             474,978     397,570
  Deferred income taxes                                    94,464      84,785
  Prepaid expenses and other                               60,759      81,598
                                                       ----------  ----------
    Total current assets                                  986,229     922,323
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET                      1,601,895   1,436,009
INTANGIBLES RESULTING FROM BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS          565,962     428,714
OTHER ASSETS                                               30,710      43,577
                                                       ----------  ----------
    Total assets                                       $3,184,796  $2,830,623
                                                       ==========  ==========
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
CURRENT LIABILITIES:
  Accounts payable                                     $  134,213  $  127,067
  Accrued liabilities                                     357,828     308,123
  Accrued income taxes                                     10,254      15,514
  Short-term debt                                         299,469     413,268
  Current portion of long-term debt                        15,510         383
                                                       ----------  ----------
    Total current liabilities                             817,274     864,355
LONG-TERM DEBT                                            655,289     357,034
OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES                               327,209     333,814
DEFERRED INCOME TAXES                                     224,003     192,461
                                                       ----------  ----------
    Total liabilities                                   2,023,775   1,747,664
                                                       ----------  ----------
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:
  Preferred Stock, shares issued: none in 1996 and
   1995                                                       --          --
  Common Stock, shares issued: 149,471,964 in 1996 and
   74,733,982 on a pre-split basis in 1995                149,472      74,734
  Class B Common Stock, shares issued: 30,478,908 in
   1996 and 15,241,454 on a pre-split basis in 1995        30,478      15,241
  Additional paid-in capital                               42,432      47,732
  Cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments     (32,875)    (29,240)
  Unearned ESOP compensation                              (31,935)    (35,128)
  Retained earnings                                     1,763,144   1,694,696
  Treasury--Common Stock shares, at cost: 27,009,316
   in 1996 and 12,709,553 on a pre-split basis in 1995   (759,695)   (685,076)
                                                       ----------  ----------
    Total stockholders' equity                          1,161,021   1,082,959
                                                       ----------  ----------
    Total liabilities and stockholders' equity         $3,184,796  $2,830,623
                                                       ==========  ==========
</TABLE>
 
The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these
balance sheets.
 
                                      B-10
<PAGE>
 
                           HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION
 
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,                1996       1995       1994
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
<S>                                           <C>        <C>        <C>
CASH FLOWS PROVIDED FROM (USED BY)
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net income                                  $ 273,186  $ 281,919  $ 184,219
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
   cash provided from operations:
    Depreciation and amortization               133,476    133,884    129,041
    Deferred income taxes                        22,863     26,380     (2,328)
    Restructuring (credit) charge                   --        (151)   106,105
    Loss on disposal of businesses               35,352        --         --
    Changes in assets and liabilities, net of
     effects from business acquisitions and
     divestitures:
     Accounts receivable--trade                   5,159      1,666    (36,696)
     Inventories                                (41,038)    28,147      7,740
     Accounts payable                            14,032     14,767    (10,230)
     Other assets and liabilities                15,120    (11,297)   (58,146)
    Other, net                                    5,593     19,614     20,032
                                              ---------  ---------  ---------
Net Cash Provided from Operating Activities     463,743    494,929    339,737
                                              ---------  ---------  ---------
CASH FLOWS PROVIDED FROM (USED BY)
 INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Capital additions                            (159,433)  (140,626)  (138,711)
  Business acquisitions                        (437,195)   (12,500)       --
  Proceeds from divestitures                    149,222        --         --
  Other, net                                      9,333      8,720     (4,492)
                                              ---------  ---------  ---------
Net Cash (Used by) Investing Activities        (438,073)  (144,406)  (143,203)
                                              ---------  ---------  ---------
CASH FLOWS PROVIDED FROM (USED BY)
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Net change in short-term borrowings
   partially classified as long-term debt       210,929    103,530    (20,503)
  Long-term borrowings                              --     202,448        102
  Repayment of long-term debt                    (3,103)    (7,887)   (14,413)
  Cash dividends paid                          (114,763)  (110,090)  (106,961)
  Exercise of stock options                      22,049     15,106      3,494
  Incentive plan transactions                   (45,634)   (21,903)    (7,726)
  Repurchase of Common Stock                    (66,072)  (526,119)   (39,748)
                                              ---------  ---------  ---------
Net Cash Provided from (Used by) Financing
 Activities                                       3,406   (344,915)  (185,755)
                                              ---------  ---------  ---------
Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents            29,076      5,608     10,779
Cash and Cash Equivalents as of January 1        32,346     26,738     15,959
                                              ---------  ---------  ---------
Cash and Cash Equivalents as of December 31   $  61,422  $  32,346  $  26,738
                                              =========  =========  =========
Interest Paid                                 $  52,143  $  43,731  $  36,803
Income Taxes Paid                               180,347    148,629    177,876
</TABLE>
 
The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these
statements.
 
                                      B-11
<PAGE>
 
                           HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION
 
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             CUMULATIVE
                                                               FOREIGN
                                         CLASS B  ADDITIONAL  CURRENCY     UNEARNED               TREASURY       TOTAL
                      PREFERRED  COMMON  COMMON    PAID-IN   TRANSLATION     ESOP      RETAINED    COMMON    STOCKHOLDERS'
                        STOCK    STOCK    STOCK    CAPITAL   ADJUSTMENTS COMPENSATION  EARNINGS     STOCK       EQUITY
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF
DOLLARS
<S>                   <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>        <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>        <C>
BALANCE AS OF
JANUARY 1, 1994         $ --    $ 74,669 $15,253   $51,196    $(13,905)    $(41,515)  $1,445,609  $(118,963)  $1,412,344
Net income                                                                               184,219                 184,219
Dividends:
 Common Stock, $.625
 per share                                                                               (89,660)                (89,660)
 Class B Common
 Stock, $.5675 per
 share                                                                                   (17,301)                (17,301)
Foreign currency
translation
adjustments                                                    (10,632)                                          (10,632)
Conversion of Class
B Common Stock into
Common Stock                          10     (10)                                                                    --
Incentive plan
transactions                                        (1,264)                                                       (1,264)
Exercise of stock
options                                               (548)                                                         (548)
Employee stock
ownership trust
transactions                                           496                    3,194                                3,690
Repurchase of Common
Stock                                                                                               (39,748)     (39,748)
                        -----   -------- -------   -------    --------     --------   ----------  ---------   ----------
BALANCE AS OF
DECEMBER 31, 1994         --      74,679  15,243    49,880     (24,537)     (38,321)   1,522,867   (158,711)   1,441,100
Net income                                                                               281,919                 281,919
Dividends:
 Common Stock, $.685
 per share                                                                               (91,190)                (91,190)
 Class B Common
 Stock, $.62 per
 share                                                                                   (18,900)                (18,900)
Foreign currency
translation
adjustments                                                     (4,703)                                           (4,703)
Conversion of Class
B Common Stock into
Common Stock                           2      (2)                                                                    --
Incentive plan
transactions                                          (180)                                                         (180)
Exercise of stock
options                               53            (2,456)                                            (246)      (2,649)
Employee stock
ownership trust
transactions                                           488                    3,193                                3,681
Repurchase of Common
Stock                                                                                              (526,119)    (526,119)
                        -----   -------- -------   -------    --------     --------   ----------  ---------   ----------
BALANCE AS OF
DECEMBER 31, 1995         --      74,734  15,241    47,732     (29,240)     (35,128)   1,694,696   (685,076)   1,082,959
Net income                                                                               273,186                 273,186
Dividends:
 Common Stock, $.76
 per share                                                                               (93,884)                (93,884)
 Class B Common
 Stock, $.685 per
 share                                                                                   (20,879)                (20,879)
Foreign currency
translation
adjustments                                                     (3,635)                                           (3,635)
Two-for-one stock
split                             74,736  15,239                                         (89,975)                    --
Conversion of Class
B Common Stock into
Common Stock                           2      (2)                                                                    --
Incentive plan
transactions                                          (426)                                                         (426)
Exercise of stock
options                                             (5,391)                                          (8,547)     (13,938)
Employee stock
ownership trust
transactions                                           517                    3,193                                3,710
Repurchase of Common
Stock                                                                                               (66,072)     (66,072)
                        -----   -------- -------   -------    --------     --------   ----------  ---------   ----------
BALANCE AS OF
DECEMBER 31, 1996       $ --    $149,472 $30,478   $42,432    $(32,875)    $(31,935)  $1,763,144  $(759,695)  $1,161,021
                        =====   ======== =======   =======    ========     ========   ==========  =========   ==========
</TABLE>
 
The notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these
statements.
 
                                      B-12
<PAGE>
 
                           HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION
 
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 
  Significant accounting policies employed by the Corporation are discussed
below and in other notes to the consolidated financial statements. Certain
reclassifications have been made to prior year amounts to conform to the 1996
presentation. Unless otherwise indicated, all shares and per share information
have been restated for the two-for-one stock split effective September 13,
1996.
 
PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION
 
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Corporation and its subsidiaries after elimination of intercompany accounts
and transactions.
 
USE OF ESTIMATES
 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates,
particularly for accounts receivable and certain current and long-term
liabilities.
 
CASH EQUIVALENTS
 
  All highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months
or less are classified as cash equivalents.
 
COMMODITIES FUTURES AND OPTIONS CONTRACTS
 
  In connection with the purchasing of cocoa, sugar and corn sweeteners for
anticipated manufacturing requirements, the Corporation enters into
commodities futures and options contracts as deemed appropriate to reduce the
effect of price fluctuations. In accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 80 "Accounting for Futures Contracts," these futures
and options contracts meet the hedge criteria and are accounted for as hedges.
Accordingly, gains and losses are deferred and recognized in cost of sales as
part of the product cost.
 
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation of buildings,
machinery and equipment is computed using the straight-line method over the
estimated useful lives.
 
INTANGIBLES RESULTING FROM BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS
 
  Intangible assets resulting from business acquisitions principally consist
of the excess of the acquisition cost over the fair value of the net assets of
businesses acquired (goodwill). Goodwill is amortized on a straight-line basis
over 40 years. Other intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis
over the estimated useful lives. The Corporation periodically evaluates
whether events or circumstances have occurred indicating that the carrying
amount of goodwill may not be recoverable. When factors indicate that goodwill
should be evaluated for possible impairment, the Corporation uses an estimate
of the acquired business' undiscounted future cash flows compared to the
related carrying amount of net assets, including goodwill, to determine if an
impairment loss should be recognized.
 
 
                                     B-13
<PAGE>
 
  Accumulated amortization of intangible assets resulting from business
acquisitions was $110.1 million and $101.5 million as of December 31, 1996 and
1995, respectively.
 
FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
 
  Results of operations for foreign entities are translated using the average
exchange rates during the period. For foreign entities, assets and liabilities
are translated to U.S. dollars using the exchange rates in effect at the
balance sheet date. Resulting translation adjustments are recorded in a
separate component of stockholders' equity, "Cumulative Foreign Currency
Translation Adjustments."
 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE CONTRACTS
 
  The Corporation enters into foreign exchange forward and options contracts
to hedge transactions primarily related to firm commitments to purchase
equipment, certain raw materials and finished goods denominated in foreign
currencies, and to hedge payment of intercompany transactions with its non-
domestic subsidiaries. These contracts reduce currency risk from exchange rate
movements.
 
  Foreign exchange forward contracts are intended and effective as hedges of
firm, identifiable, foreign currency commitments and foreign exchange options
contracts meet required hedge criteria for anticipated transactions.
Accordingly, gains and losses are deferred and accounted for as part of the
underlying transactions. Gains and losses on terminated derivatives designated
as hedges are accounted for as part of the originally hedged transaction.
Gains and losses on derivatives designated as hedges of items which mature,
are sold or terminated, or of anticipated transactions which are no longer
likely to occur, are recorded currently in income. In entering into these
contracts the Corporation has assumed the risk which might arise from the
possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. The
Corporation does not expect any losses as a result of counterparty defaults.
 
LICENSE AGREEMENTS
 
  The Corporation has entered into license agreements under which it has
access to certain trademarks and proprietary technology, and manufactures
and/or markets and distributes certain products. The rights under these
agreements are extendable on a long-term basis at the Corporation's option
subject to certain conditions, including minimum sales levels, which the
Corporation has met. License fees and royalties, payable under the terms of
the agreements, are expensed as incurred.
 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
 
  The Corporation expenses research and development costs as incurred.
Research and development expense was $26.1 million, $26.2 million and $26.3
million in 1996, 1995 and 1994, respectively.
 
ADVERTISING
 
  The Corporation expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expense
was $174.2 million, $159.2 million and $120.6 million in 1996, 1995 and 1994,
respectively. Prepaid advertising as of December 31, 1996 and 1995, was $2.2
million and $3.0 million, respectively.
 
2. ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES
 
  In December 1996, the Corporation acquired from an affiliate of Huhtamaki Oy
(Huhtamaki), the international foods company based in Finland, Huhtamaki's
Leaf North America (Leaf) confectionery operations for $437.2 million, plus
the assumption of $17.0 million in debt. In addition, the parties entered into
a trademark and technology license agreement under which the Corporation will
 
                                     B-14
<PAGE>
 
manufacture and/or market and distribute in North, Central and South America
Huhtamaki's confectionery brands including GOOD & PLENTY, HEATH, JOLLY
RANCHER, MILK DUDS, PAYDAY and WHOPPERS. Leaf's principal manufacturing
facilities are located in Denver, Colorado; Memphis, Tennessee; and Robinson,
Illinois.
 
  In December 1995, the Corporation completed the acquisition of the
outstanding shares of the confectionery company Henry Heide, Incorporated
(Henry Heide), for approximately $12.5 million. Henry Heide's headquarters and
manufacturing facility are located in New Brunswick, N.J., where it
manufactures a variety of non-chocolate confectionery products including
JUJYFRUITS candy and WUNDERBEANS jellybeans.
 
  In accordance with the purchase method of accounting, the purchase prices of
the acquisitions summarized above were allocated on a preliminary basis to the
underlying assets and liabilities at the date of acquisition based on their
estimated respective fair values, which may be revised at a later date. Total
liabilities assumed, including debt, were $138.0 million in 1996 and $10.6
million in 1995. Results subsequent to the dates of acquisition are included
in the consolidated financial statements. Had the results of the Henry Heide
acquisition been included in consolidated results for the entire length of
each period presented, the effect would not have been material.
 
  Had the acquisition of Leaf occurred at the beginning of 1996, pro forma
consolidated results would have been as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED
      DECEMBER 31,             1996
     ----------------------------------
      IN THOUSANDS OF
      DOLLARS EXCEPT PER
      SHARE AMOUNT          (UNAUDITED)
      <S>                   <C>
      Net sales             $4,473,950
      Net income               256,300
      Net income per share        1.66
</TABLE>
 
  The pro forma results are based on historical financial information provided
by Huhtamaki, excluding a business restructuring charge recorded by Huhtamaki
in 1996 and adjusted to give effect to certain costs and expenses, including
fees under the trademark and technology license agreement, goodwill
amortization, interest expense and income taxes which would have been incurred
by the Corporation if it had owned and operated the Leaf confectionery
business throughout 1996. These results are not necessarily reflective of the
actual results which would have occurred if the acquisition had been completed
at the beginning of the year, nor are they necessarily indicative of future
combined financial results.
 
  In December 1996, the Corporation completed the sale to Huhtamaki of the
outstanding shares of Gubor Holding GmbH (Gubor) and Sperlari, S.r.l.
(Sperlari). Gubor manufactures and markets high-quality assorted pralines and
seasonal chocolate products in Germany and Sperlari manufactures and markets
various confectionery and grocery products in Italy. The total proceeds from
the sale of the Gubor and Sperlari businesses were $121.7 million. The
transaction resulted in an after-tax loss of $35.4 million since no tax
benefit associated with the transaction was recorded. Combined net sales for
Gubor and Sperlari were $216.6 million, $222.0 million and $186.6 million in
1996, 1995 and 1994, respectively.
 
  In January 1996, the Corporation completed the sale of the assets of Hershey
Canada, Inc.'s PLANTERS nut (Planters) and LIFE SAVERS and BREATH SAVERS hard
candy, and BEECH-NUT cough drops (Life Savers) businesses to Johnvince Foods
Group and Beta Brands Inc., respectively. Both transactions were part of a
restructuring program announced by the Corporation in late 1994.
 
  In June 1995, the Corporation completed the sale of the outstanding shares
of Overspecht B.V. (OZF Jamin) to a management buyout group at OZF Jamin, as
part of the Corporation's restructuring
 
                                     B-15
<PAGE>
 
program. OZF Jamin manufactures chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery
products, cookies, biscuits and ice cream for distribution primarily to
customers in the Netherlands and Belgium.
 
3. RESTRUCTURING ACTIVITIES
 
  In the fourth quarter of 1994, the Corporation recorded a pre-tax
restructuring charge of $106.1 million, following a comprehensive review of
domestic and foreign operations designed to enhance performance of operating
assets by lowering operating and administrative costs, eliminating
underperforming assets and streamlining the overall decision-making process.
The charge of $106.1 million resulted in an after-tax charge of $80.2 million
or $.46 per share in 1994.
 
  The charge included $34.3 million of severance and termination benefits for
the elimination of approximately 500 positions in the manufacturing, technical
and administrative areas at both domestic and foreign operations. The charge
also included anticipated losses on disposals of certain businesses of $39.1
million, product line discontinuations of $17.5 million and the consolidation
of operations and disposal of machinery and equipment of $15.2 million.
 
  As of December 31, 1995, $81.8 million of restructuring reserves had been
utilized and $16.7 million had been reversed to reflect revisions and changes
in estimates to the original restructuring program. Operating cash flows were
used to fund cash requirements which represented approximately 25% of the
total reserves utilized. The non-cash portion of restructuring reserve
utilization was associated primarily with the divestiture of foreign
businesses and the discontinuation of certain product lines.
 
  During the third quarter of 1995, a pre-tax restructuring charge of $16.6
million was recorded in connection with a voluntary retirement program
announced by the Corporation in August 1995. The charge was primarily related
to the funding of retirement benefits for eligible employees who elected early
retirement. This cash charge was funded from operating cash flows. The impact
of this charge was more than offset by the partial reversal of 1994 accrued
restructuring reserves in the fourth quarter of 1995 resulting in an increase
to income before income taxes of $.2 million and an increase to net income of
$2.0 million, as the tax benefit associated with the 1995 charge more than
offset the tax provision associated with the reversal of 1994 restructuring
reserves.
 
  The remaining $7.6 million of accrued restructuring reserves as of December
31, 1995, were utilized during 1996 as the restructuring program was
completed. A portion of the restructuring reserves were used for severance and
relocation benefits related to the consolidation of the pasta and grocery
field sales organizations.
 
4. RENTAL AND LEASE COMMITMENTS
 
  Rent expense was $25.3 million, $24.9 million and $25.7 million for 1996,
1995 and 1994, respectively. Rent expense pertains to all operating leases,
which were principally related to certain administrative buildings,
distribution facilities and transportation equipment. Future minimum rental
payments under non-cancelable operating leases with a remaining term in excess
of one year as of December 31, 1996, were: 1997, $16.4 million; 1998, $15.1
million; 1999, $15.5 million; 2000, $15.1 million; 2001, $15.1 million; 2002
and beyond, $90.8 million.
 
5. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 
  The carrying amounts of financial instruments including cash and cash
equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and short-term debt
approximated fair value as of December 31, 1996 and 1995, because of the
relatively short maturity of these instruments. The carrying value of long-
term debt, including the current portion, approximated fair value as of
December 31, 1996 and 1995, based upon quoted market prices for the same or
similar debt issues.
 
                                     B-16
<PAGE>
 
  As of December 31, 1996, the Corporation had foreign exchange forward
contracts maturing in 1997 and 1998 to purchase $25.0 million in foreign
currency, primarily British sterling and German marks, and to sell $24.6
million in foreign currency, primarily Canadian dollars and Japanese yen, at
contracted forward rates.
 
  As of December 31, 1995, the Corporation had foreign exchange forward
contracts maturing in 1996 and 1997 to purchase $54.7 million in foreign
currency, primarily Canadian dollars, British sterling and Swiss francs, and
to sell $26.4 million in foreign currency, primarily Italian lira, Canadian
dollars and Japanese yen, at contracted forward rates.
 
  To hedge foreign currency exposure related to anticipated transactions
associated with the purchase of certain raw materials and finished goods
generally covering 3 to 24 months, the Corporation also purchases, from time
to time, foreign exchange options which permit, but do not require, the
Corporation to exchange foreign currencies at a future date with another party
at a contracted exchange rate. To finance premiums paid on such options, the
Corporation may also write offsetting options at exercise prices which limit
but do not eliminate the effect of purchased options and forward contracts as
a hedge. As of December 31, 1995, the Corporation had purchased foreign
exchange options of $11.5 million and written foreign exchange options of $8.9
million, principally related to British sterling. Such options expired or were
settled in the first quarter of 1996.
 
  The fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts is estimated by
obtaining quotes for future contracts with similar terms, adjusted where
necessary for maturity differences, and the fair value of foreign exchange
options is estimated using active market quotations. As of December 31, 1996
and 1995, the fair value of foreign exchange forward and options contracts
approximated carrying value. The Corporation does not hold or issue financial
instruments for trading purposes.
 
  In order to minimize its financing costs and to manage interest rate
exposure, the Corporation, from time to time, enters into interest rate swap
agreements to effectively convert a portion of its floating rate debt to fixed
rate debt. Agreements outstanding with an aggregate notional amount of $75.0
million matured during 1996. As of December 31, 1996, the Corporation had
agreements outstanding with an aggregate notional amount of $125.0 million
with maturities through October 1997. As of December 31, 1996 and 1995,
interest rates payable were at weighted average fixed rates of 5.8% and 5.6%,
respectively, and interest rates receivable were floating based on 30-day
commercial paper composite rates. Any interest rate differential on interest
rate swaps is recognized as an adjustment to interest expense over the term of
each agreement. The Corporation's risk related to swap agreements is limited
to the cost of replacing such agreements at current market rates.
 
6. INTEREST EXPENSE
 
  Interest expense, net consisted of the following:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,       1996     1995     1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
<S>                                   <C>      <C>      <C>
Long-term debt and lease obligations  $30,818  $20,949  $19,103
Short-term debt                        22,752   28,576   21,155
Capitalized interest                   (1,534)  (1,957)  (3,009)
                                      -------  -------  -------
Interest expense, gross                52,036   47,568   37,249
Interest income                        (3,993)  (2,735)  (1,892)
                                      -------  -------  -------
Interest expense, net                 $48,043  $44,833  $35,357
                                      =======  =======  =======
</TABLE>
 
 
                                     B-17
<PAGE>
 
7. SHORT-TERM DEBT
 
  Generally, the Corporation's short-term borrowings are in the form of
commercial paper or bank loans with an original maturity of three months or
less. In December 1995, the Corporation entered into committed credit facility
agreements with a syndicate of banks under which it could borrow up to $600
million as of December 31, 1996, with options to increase borrowings by $1.0
billion with the concurrence of the banks. Of the total committed credit
facility, $200 million is for a renewable 364-day term and $400 million is
effective for a five-year term. Both the short-term and long-term committed
credit facility agreements were amended and renewed effective December 13,
1996. The credit facilities may be used to fund general corporate
requirements, to support commercial paper borrowings and, in certain
instances, to finance future business acquisitions. As of December 31, 1996,
$300.0 million of commercial paper borrowings were reclassified as long-term
debt in accordance with the Corporation's intent and ability to refinance such
obligations on a long-term basis.
 
  The Corporation also maintains lines of credit arrangements with domestic
and international commercial banks, under which it could borrow in various
currencies up to approximately $96.1 million and $97.7 million as of December
31, 1996 and 1995, respectively, at the lending banks' prime commercial
interest rates or lower. The Corporation had combined domestic commercial
paper borrowings, including the portion classified as long-term debt, and
short-term foreign bank loans against its credit facilities and lines of
credit of $599.5 million as of December 31, 1996, and $413.3 million as of
December 31, 1995. The weighted average interest rates on short-term
borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 1996 and 1995, were 5.5% and 5.7%,
respectively.
 
  The credit facilities and lines of credit were supported by commitment fee
arrangements. The average fee during 1996 was approximately .05% per annum of
the commitment. The Corporation is in compliance with all covenants included
in the credit facility agreements. There were no significant compensating
balance agreements which legally restricted these funds.
 
  As a result of maintaining a consolidated cash management system, the
Corporation maintains overdraft positions at certain banks. Such overdrafts,
which were included in accounts payable, were $25.2 million and $24.8 million
as of December 31, 1996 and 1995, respectively.
 
8. LONG-TERM DEBT
 
  Long-term debt consisted of the following:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
DECEMBER 31,                                                1996     1995
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
<S>                                                       <C>      <C>
Commercial Paper at interest rates ranging from 5.54% to
 5.59%                                                    $300,000 $    --
Medium-term Notes, 8.85% to 9.92%, due 1997-1998            40,400   40,400
6.7% Notes due 2005                                        200,000  200,000
8.8% Debentures due 2021                                   100,000  100,000
Other obligations, net of unamortized debt discount         30,399   17,017
                                                          -------- --------
Total long-term debt                                       670,799  357,417
Less--current portion                                       15,510      383
                                                          -------- --------
Long-term portion                                         $655,289 $357,034
                                                          ======== ========
</TABLE>
 
  As of December 31, 1996, $300.0 million of commercial paper borrowings were
reclassified as long-term debt in accordance with the Corporation's intent and
ability to refinance such obligations on a long-term basis.
 
                                     B-18
<PAGE>
 
  Aggregate annual maturities during the next five years, excluding short-term
borrowings reclassified, are: 1997, $15.5 million; 1998, $25.2 million; 1999,
$.2 million; 2000, $2.2 million; and 2001, $.2 million. The Corporation's debt
is principally unsecured and of equal priority. None of the debt is
convertible into stock of the Corporation. The Corporation is in compliance
with all covenants included in the related debt agreements.
 
9. INCOME TAXES
 
  Income before income taxes was as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
FOR THE YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31,                  1996      1995     1994
- --------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
<S>                         <C>       <C>      <C>
Domestic                    $499,607  $452,084 $411,089
Foreign                      (19,870)   13,869  (77,951)
                            --------  -------- --------
Income before income taxes  $479,737  $465,953 $333,138
                            ========  ======== ========
</TABLE>
 
  The provision for income taxes was as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,       1996     1995     1994
- ----------------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
<S>                                  <C>      <C>      <C>
Current:
  Federal                            $158,040 $135,034 $126,234
  State                                23,288   22,620   24,712
  Foreign                               2,360      --       301
                                     -------- -------- --------
Current provision for income taxes    183,688  157,654  151,247
                                     -------- -------- --------
Deferred:
  Federal                              12,952   12,455    6,221
  State                                 8,134    8,198    2,652
  Foreign                               1,777    5,727  (11,201)
                                     -------- -------- --------
Deferred provision for income taxes    22,863   26,380   (2,328)
                                     -------- -------- --------
Total provision for income taxes     $206,551 $184,034 $148,919
                                     ======== ======== ========
</TABLE>
 
  The 1994 Foreign deferred income tax benefit was associated primarily with
the restructuring charge recorded in the fourth quarter of that year.
 
 
                                     B-19
<PAGE>
 
  The tax effects of the significant temporary differences which comprised the
deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
DECEMBER 31,                                                  1996     1995
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
<S>                                                         <C>      <C>
Deferred tax assets:
  Post-retirement benefit obligations                       $ 88,885 $ 85,907
  Accrued expenses and other reserves                         91,675   78,506
  Net operating loss carryforwards, net of valuation allow-
   ances
   of $2,663 in 1996 and $25,544 in 1995                       2,663    7,298
  Accrued trade promotion reserves                            22,910   16,389
  Other                                                       18,013   27,869
                                                            -------- --------
    Total deferred tax assets                                224,146  215,969
                                                            -------- --------
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Depreciation                                               256,424  239,389
  Other                                                       97,261   84,256
                                                            -------- --------
    Total deferred tax liabilities                           353,685  323,645
                                                            -------- --------
Net deferred tax liabilities                                $129,539 $107,676
                                                            ======== ========
Included in:
  Current deferred tax assets, net                          $ 94,464 $ 84,785
  Non-current deferred tax liabilities, net                  224,003  192,461
                                                            -------- --------
Net deferred tax liabilities                                $129,539 $107,676
                                                            ======== ========
</TABLE>
 
  As of December 31, 1996, the Corporation had $15.7 million of operating loss
carryforwards available to reduce the future taxable income of a foreign
subsidiary. The loss carryforwards must be utilized within the next ten years.
 
  The following table reconciles the Federal statutory income tax rate with
the Corporation's effective income tax rate:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,                              1996  1995  1994
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>   <C>   <C>
Federal statutory income tax rate                             35.0% 35.0% 35.0%
Increase (reduction) resulting from:
  State income taxes, net of Federal income tax benefits       4.7   4.6   6.0
  Restructuring (credit) charge for which no tax benefit was
   provided                                                    --    (.3)  4.5
  Non-deductible acquisition costs                              .6    .6    .8
  Loss on disposal of businesses for which no tax benefit was
   provided                                                    2.6   --    --
  Other, net                                                    .2   (.4) (1.6)
                                                              ----  ----  ----
Effective income tax rate                                     43.1% 39.5% 44.7%
                                                              ====  ====  ====
</TABLE>
 
10. RETIREMENT PLANS
 
  The Corporation and its subsidiaries sponsor several defined benefit
retirement plans covering substantially all employees. Plans covering most
domestic salaried and hourly employees provide retirement benefits based on
individual account balances which are increased annually by pay-related and
interest credits. Plans covering certain non-domestic employees provide
retirement benefits based on career average pay, final pay, or final average
pay as defined within the provisions of the individual plans. The Corporation
also participates in several multi-employer retirement plans which provide
defined benefits to employees covered under certain collective bargaining
agreements.
 
 
                                     B-20
<PAGE>
 
  The Corporation's policy is to fund domestic pension liabilities in
accordance with the minimum and maximum limits imposed by the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and Federal income tax laws,
respectively. Non-domestic pension liabilities are funded in accordance with
applicable local laws and regulations. Plan assets are invested in a broadly
diversified portfolio consisting primarily of domestic and international
common stocks and fixed income securities.
 
  Pension expense included the following components:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,                  1996      1995      1994
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
<S>                                             <C>       <C>       <C>
Service cost                                    $ 29,311  $ 25,311  $ 30,077
Interest cost on projected benefit obligations    35,374    32,531    28,351
Investment (return) loss on plan assets          (51,205)  (71,578)    8,288
Net amortization and deferral                     14,844    40,823   (40,550)
                                                --------  --------  --------
Corporate sponsored plans                         28,324    27,087    26,166
Multi-employer plans                                 571       361       374
Other                                              1,340       615       622
                                                --------  --------  --------
Total pension expense                           $ 30,235  $ 28,063  $ 27,162
                                                ========  ========  ========
</TABLE>
 
  The funded status and amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets
for the retirement plans were as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                   DECEMBER 31, 1996       DECEMBER 31, 1995
                                ----------------------- -----------------------
                                  ASSETS    ACCUMULATED   ASSETS    ACCUMULATED
                                 EXCEEDED    BENEFITS    EXCEEDED    BENEFITS
                                ACCUMULATED  EXCEEDED   ACCUMULATED  EXCEEDED
                                 BENEFITS     ASSETS     BENEFITS     ASSETS
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
<S>                             <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Actuarial present value of:
  Vested benefit obligations     $427,839     $27,316     $17,241    $417,027
                                 ========     =======     =======    ========
  Accumulated benefit
   obligations                   $452,907     $32,422     $17,833    $447,792
                                 ========     =======     =======    ========
Actuarial present value of
 projected benefit obligations   $502,371     $34,135     $27,005    $476,439
Plan assets at fair value         488,222         --       19,765     389,064
                                 --------     -------     -------    --------
Plan assets less than
 projected benefit obligations     14,149      34,135       7,240      87,375
Net gain (loss) unrecognized
 at date of transition                906      (1,233)        525        (818)
Prior service cost and
 amendments not yet recognized
 in earnings                      (26,885)     (2,305)     (1,159)    (28,701)
Unrecognized net gain (loss)
 from past experience
 different than that assumed       12,386      (2,502)     (3,615)     (3,660)
Minimum liability adjustment          --        4,494         --       21,678
                                 --------     -------     -------    --------
Pension liability                $    556     $32,589     $ 2,991    $ 75,874
                                 ========     =======     =======    ========
</TABLE>
 
  The projected benefit obligations for the plans were determined principally
using discount rates of 7.50% as of December 31, 1996, and 7.25% as of
December 31, 1995. For both 1996 and 1995 the assumed long-term rate of return
on plan assets was 9.5%. The assumed long-term compensation increase rate for
1996 and 1995 was primarily 4.8%.
 
 
                                     B-21
<PAGE>
 
  In the third quarter of 1995, the Corporation offered a voluntary retirement
program to domestic eligible employees age 55 and over. The voluntary
retirement program gave eligible salaried employees an opportunity to retire
with enhanced retirement benefits. The pre-tax impact on pension expense of
the 1995 charge was $13.0 million or $7.7 million after tax. This amount has
not been included in the disclosure of pension expense by component.
 
11. POST-RETIREMENT BENEFITS
 
  The Corporation and its subsidiaries provide certain health care and life
insurance benefits for retired employees subject to pre-defined limits.
Substantially all of the Corporation's domestic employees become eligible for
these benefits at retirement with a pre-defined benefit being available at an
early retirement date. The post-retirement medical benefit is contributory for
pre-Medicare retirees and for most post-Medicare retirees retiring on or after
February 1, 1993. Retiree contributions are based upon a combination of years
of service and age at retirement. The post-retirement life insurance benefit
is non-contributory.
 
  Net post-retirement benefit costs consisted of the following components:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,                 1996     1995     1994
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
<S>                                             <C>      <C>      <C>
Service cost                                    $ 3,947  $ 3,262  $ 3,642
Interest cost on projected benefit obligations   10,853   12,918   13,334
Amortization                                     (2,986)  (2,322)  (1,028)
                                                -------  -------  -------
  Total                                         $11,814  $13,858  $15,948
                                                =======  =======  =======
</TABLE>
 
  Obligations are unfunded and the actuarial present values of accumulated
post-retirement benefit obligations recognized in the consolidated balance
sheets were as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
DECEMBER 31,                                                 1996     1995
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
<S>                                                        <C>      <C>
Retirees                                                   $ 96,870 $ 78,090
Fully eligible active plan participants                      22,096   24,686
Other active plan participants                               58,578   57,448
                                                           -------- --------
Total                                                       177,544  160,224
Plan amendments                                              28,903   31,377
Unrecognized net gain from past experience different than
 that assumed                                                12,127   20,892
                                                           -------- --------
Accrued post-retirement benefits                           $218,574 $212,493
                                                           ======== ========
</TABLE>
 
  The accumulated post-retirement benefit obligations were determined
principally using discount rates of 7.50% and 7.25% as of December 31, 1996
and 1995, respectively. The assumed average health care cost trend rate used
in measuring the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation as of December
31, 1996 and 1995, was 6% which was also the ultimate trend rate. A one
percentage point increase in the average health care cost trend rate for each
year would increase the accumulated post-retirement benefit obligations as of
December 31, 1996 and 1995, by $24.4 million and $22.2 million, respectively,
and would increase the sum of the net service and interest cost components of
net post-retirement benefit costs for 1996 and 1995 by $2.9 million and $2.4
million, respectively.
 
  The pre-tax impact on post-retirement benefits expense and liabilities of
the 1995 charge for the voluntary retirement program was $.4 million or $.2
million after tax. This amount has not been included in the disclosure of net
post-retirement benefit costs by component.
 
 
                                     B-22
<PAGE>
 
  As part of its long-range financing plans, the Corporation, in 1989,
implemented a corporate-owned life insurance program covering most of its
domestic employees. After paying employee death benefits, proceeds from this
program were available for general corporate purposes and also could be used
to offset future employee benefits costs, including retiree medical benefits.
During 1996, Federal tax legislation sharply curtailed the financial viability
of most corporate-owned life insurance programs. As a result, the Corporation
began the phase-out of its corporate-owned life insurance program during 1996.
The Corporation's investment in corporate-owned life insurance policies was
recorded net of policy loans in other assets, and interest accrued on the
policy loans was included in accrued liabilities as of December 31, 1996 and
1995. Net life insurance expense, including interest expense, was included in
selling, marketing and administrative expenses.
 
12. EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP TRUST
 
  The Corporation's employee stock ownership trust (ESOP) serves as the
primary vehicle for contributions to its existing employee savings and stock
investment plan for participating domestic salaried and hourly employees. The
ESOP was funded by a 15-year 7.75% loan of $47.9 million from the Corporation.
During 1996 and 1995, the ESOP received a combination of dividends on
unallocated shares and contributions from the Corporation equal to the amount
required to meet its principal and interest payments under the loan.
Simultaneously, the ESOP allocated to participants 159,176 shares of Common
Stock each year. As of December 31, 1996, the ESOP held 687,610 allocated
shares and 1,591,752 unallocated shares. All ESOP shares are considered
outstanding for income per share computations.
 
  The Corporation recognized net compensation expense equal to the shares
allocated multiplied by the original cost of $20 1/16 per share less dividends
received by the ESOP on unallocated shares. Compensation expense related to
the ESOP for 1996, 1995 and 1994 was $1.8 million, $1.9 million and $1.7
million, respectively. Dividends paid on unallocated ESOP shares were $1.3
million in 1996 and $1.2 million in 1995 and 1994. The unearned ESOP
compensation balance in stockholders' equity represented deferred compensation
expense to be recognized by the Corporation in future years as additional
shares are allocated to participants.
 
13. CAPITAL STOCK AND NET INCOME PER SHARE
 
  As of December 31, 1996, the Corporation had 530,000,000 authorized shares
of capital stock. Of this total, 450,000,000 shares were designated as Common
Stock, 75,000,000 shares as Class B Common Stock (Class B Stock), and
5,000,000 shares as Preferred Stock, each class having a par value of one
dollar per share. As of December 31, 1996, a combined total of 179,950,872
shares of both classes of common stock had been issued of which 152,941,556
shares were outstanding. No shares of the Preferred Stock were issued or
outstanding during the three-year period ended December 31, 1996.
 
  In August 1996, the Corporation's Board of Directors declared a two-for-one
split of the Common Stock and Class B Common Stock effective September 13,
1996, to stockholders of record as of August 23, 1996. The split was effected
as a stock dividend by distributing one additional share for each share held.
 
  Holders of the Common Stock and the Class B Stock generally vote together
without regard to class on matters submitted to stockholders, including the
election of directors, with the Common Stock having one vote per share and the
Class B Stock having ten votes per share. However, the Common Stock, voting
separately as a class, is entitled to elect one-sixth of the Board of
Directors. With respect to dividend rights, the Common Stock is entitled to
cash dividends 10% higher than those declared and paid on the Class B Stock.
 
 
                                     B-23
<PAGE>
 
  Class B Stock can be converted into Common Stock on a share-for-share basis
at any time. On a pre-split basis during 1996, 1995 and 1994, a total of 2,000
shares, 1,525 shares and 10,300 shares, respectively, of Class B Stock were
converted into Common Stock.
 
  Hershey Trust Company, as Trustee for the benefit of Milton Hershey School
(Milton Hershey School Trust), as institutional fiduciary for estates and
trusts unrelated to Milton Hershey School, and as direct owner of investment
shares, held a total of 24,587,025 shares of the Common Stock, and as Trustee
for the benefit of Milton Hershey School, held 30,306,006 shares of the Class
B Stock as of December 31, 1996, and was entitled to cast approximately 77% of
the total votes of both classes of the Corporation's common stock. The Milton
Hershey School Trust must approve the issuance of shares of Common Stock or
any other action which would result in the Milton Hershey School Trust not
continuing to have voting control of the Corporation.
 
  A total of 9,437,770 shares of Common Stock have been repurchased for
approximately $263.7 million under share repurchase programs which were
approved by the Corporation's Board of Director's in 1993 and 1996. Of the
shares repurchased, 528,000 shares were retired and the remaining 8,909,770
shares were held as Treasury Stock as of December 31, 1996. In August 1995,
the Corporation purchased an additional 18,099,546 shares (9,049,773 shares on
a pre-split basis) of its Common Stock to be held as Treasury Stock from the
Milton Hershey School Trust for $500.0 million. A total of 27,009,316 shares
were held as Treasury Stock as of December 31, 1996.
 
  Net income per share has been computed based on the weighted average number
of shares of the Common Stock and the Class B Stock outstanding during the
year. Average shares outstanding were 153,995,307 for 1996, 165,687,082 for
1995 and 174,037,252 for 1994.
 
14. STOCK COMPENSATION PLAN
 
  The long-term portion of the 1987 Key Employee Incentive Plan (Plan),
provides for grants of stock-based compensation awards to senior executives
and key employees of one or more of the following: non-qualified stock options
(fixed stock options), performance stock units, stock appreciation rights and
restricted stock units. The Plan also provides for the deferral of performance
stock unit awards by participants. Under the long-term portion of the Plan,
the Corporation may grant to its employees up to 6.5 million shares of Common
Stock on a pre-split basis. The Corporation applies Accounting Principles
Board Opinion No. 25 "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees," and related
Interpretations in accounting for its Plan.
 
  Accordingly, no compensation cost has been recognized for its fixed stock
option plan. Had compensation cost for the Corporation's stock-based
compensation plan been determined based on the fair value at the grant dates
for awards under the Plan consistent with the method of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 123 "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," the
Corporation's net income and net income per share would have been reduced to
the pro forma amounts indicated below:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      FOR THE YEARS ENDED
      DECEMBER 31,                          1996     1995
     ------------------------------------------------------
      IN THOUSANDS OF
      DOLLARS EXCEPT PER
      SHARE AMOUNTS
      <S>                   <C>           <C>      <C>
      Net income             As reported  $273,186 $281,919
                             Pro forma     266,517  281,015
      Net income per share   As reported     $1.77    $1.70
                             Pro forma        1.73     1.70
</TABLE>
 
  The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using
a Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions used for grants in 1996 and 1995, respectively: dividend yields of
2.4% and 2.7%, expected volatility of 20% and 21%, risk-free interest rates of
5.6% and 7.8%, and expected lives of 7 1/2 and 7 years.
 
                                     B-24
<PAGE>
 
FIXED STOCK OPTIONS
 
  The exercise price of each option equals the market price of the
Corporation's common stock on the date of grant and an option's maximum term
is ten years. Options are granted in January and generally vest at the end of
the second year.
 
  A summary of the status of the Corporation's fixed stock options as of
December 31, 1996, 1995, and 1994, and changes during the years ending on
those dates is presented below:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  1996                 1995                 1994
                          --------------------- -------------------- --------------------
                                      WEIGHTED-            WEIGHTED-            WEIGHTED-
                                       AVERAGE              AVERAGE             AVERAGE
                                      EXERCISE             EXERCISE             EXERCISE
FIXED OPTIONS               SHARES      PRICE    SHARES      PRICE    SHARES      PRICE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                       <C>         <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>        <C>
Outstanding at beginning
 of year                   4,435,800   $22.54   5,067,900   $21.62   3,460,850   $19.91
Granted                    2,619,200   $33.08     237,400   $24.19   1,927,600   $24.50
Exercised                 (1,062,980)  $20.74    (843,100)  $17.43    (209,950)  $18.58
Forfeited                    (89,800)  $31.92     (26,400)  $24.24    (110,600)  $24.01
                          ----------            ---------            ---------
Outstanding at end of
 year                      5,902,220   $27.40   4,435,800   $22.54   5,067,900   $21.62
                          ==========            =========            =========
Options exercisable at
 year-end                  3,670,020            2,901,800            3,469,500
                          ==========            =========            =========
Weighted-average fair
 value of options
 granted during the year
 (per share)                   $8.70                $7.38
                               =====                =====
</TABLE>
 
  The following table summarizes information about fixed stock options
outstanding as of December 31, 1996:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               OPTIONS OUTSTANDING                   OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                   ------------------------------------------- --------------------------------
                                    WEIGHTED-
                                     AVERAGE
                       NUMBER       REMAINING     WEIGHTED-         NUMBER         WEIGHTED-
RANGE OF EXERCISE  OUTSTANDING AS  CONTRACTUAL     AVERAGE     EXERCISABLE AS OF    AVERAGE
     PRICES         OF 12/31/96   LIFE IN YEARS EXERCISE PRICE     12/31/96      EXERCISE PRICE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>               <C>
  $12 11/16-
   22 3/8            1,370,820         4.5          $21.22         1,370,820         $21.22
  $23 1/2 -
   26 1/2            1,990,000         7.0          $24.40         1,990,000         $24.40
  $33 1/16-
   37 5/8            2,541,400         9.0          $33.08           309,200         $33.08
                     ---------                                     ---------
  $12 11/16-
   37 5/8            5,902,220         7.3          $27.40         3,670,020         $23.94
                     =========                                     =========
</TABLE>
 
PERFORMANCE STOCK UNITS
 
  Under the long-term portion of the Plan, each January the Corporation grants
selected executives and other key employees performance stock units whose
vesting is contingent upon the achievement of certain performance objectives.
If at the end of three-year performance cycles, targets for financial measures
of earnings per share, return on net assets and free cash flow are met, the
full number of shares are awarded to the participants. The performance scores
can range from 0% to 150%. The compensation cost charged against income for
the performance-based plan was $5.8 million, $3.6 million, and $1.8 million
for 1996, 1995, and 1994, respectively.
 
  As of December 31, 1996, a total of 259,730 contingent performance stock
units and restricted stock units had been granted for potential future
distribution, primarily related to three-year cycles ending December 31, 1996,
1997, and 1998. Deferred performance stock units and accumulated dividend
amounts totaled 391,750 shares as of December 31, 1996.
 
  No stock appreciation rights were outstanding as of December 31, 1996.
 
                                     B-25
<PAGE>
 
15. SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION
 
ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE--TRADE
 
  In the normal course of business, the Corporation extends credit to
customers which satisfy pre-defined credit criteria. The Corporation believes
that it has little concentration of credit risk due to the diversity of its
customer base. Receivables, as shown on the consolidated balance sheets, were
net of allowances and anticipated discounts of $14.1 million and $14.8 million
as of December 31, 1996 and 1995, respectively.
 
INVENTORIES
 
  The Corporation values the majority of its inventories under the last-in,
first-out (LIFO) method and the remaining inventories at the lower of first-
in, first-out (FIFO) cost or market. LIFO cost of inventories valued using the
LIFO method was $299.2 million and $282.0 million as of December 31, 1996 and
1995, respectively, and all inventories were stated at amounts that did not
exceed realizable values. Total inventories were as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      DECEMBER 31,           1996      1995
     -----------------------------------------
      IN THOUSANDS OF
      DOLLARS
      <S>                  <C>       <C>
      Raw materials        $204,419  $189,371
      Goods in process       31,444    28,201
      Finished goods        316,726   249,106
                           --------  --------
      Inventories at FIFO   552,589   466,678
      Adjustment to LIFO    (77,611)  (69,108)
                           --------  --------
      Total inventories    $474,978  $397,570
                           ========  ========
</TABLE>
 
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 
  Property, plant and equipment balances included construction in progress of
$91.9 million and $119.5 million as of December 31, 1996 and 1995,
respectively. Major classes of property, plant and equipment were as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      DECEMBER 31,                             1996        1995
     --------------------------------------------------------------
      IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
      <S>                                   <C>         <C>
      Land                                  $   34,056  $   35,385
      Buildings                                533,559     471,663
      Machinery and equipment                1,855,087   1,683,338
                                            ----------  ----------
      Property, plant and equipment, gross   2,422,702   2,190,386
      Accumulated depreciation                (820,807)   (754,377)
                                            ----------  ----------
      Property, plant and equipment, net    $1,601,895  $1,436,009
                                            ==========  ==========
</TABLE>
 
ACCRUED LIABILITIES
 
  Accrued liabilities were as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      DECEMBER 31,                      1996     1995
     --------------------------------------------------
      IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
      <S>                             <C>      <C>
      Payroll and other compensation  $ 81,264 $ 97,710
      Advertising and promotion         77,351   87,368
      Other                            199,213  123,045
                                      -------- --------
      Total accrued liabilities       $357,828 $308,123
                                      ======== ========
</TABLE>
 
                                     B-26
<PAGE>
 
OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES
 
  Other long-term liabilities were as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
      DECEMBER 31,                         1996     1995
     -----------------------------------------------------
      IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
      <S>                                <C>      <C>
      Accrued post-retirement benefits   $207,881 $204,044
      Other                               119,328  129,770
                                         -------- --------
      Total other long-term liabilities  $327,209 $333,814
                                         ======== ========
</TABLE>
 
16. SEGMENT INFORMATION
 
  The Corporation operates in a single consumer foods line of business,
encompassing the manufacture, distribution and sale of chocolate,
confectionery, grocery and pasta products. The Corporation's principal
operations and markets are located in North America. In December 1996, the
Corporation sold its Gubor and Sperlari European businesses.
 
  Net sales, income before interest and income taxes and identifiable assets
of businesses outside of North America were not significant. Historically,
transfers of product between geographic areas have not been significant. In
1996 and 1995, sales to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Subsidiaries amounted to
approximately 12% and 11% of total net sales, respectively.
 
17. QUARTERLY DATA (UNAUDITED)
 
  Summary quarterly results were as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
YEAR 1996                 FIRST    SECOND    THIRD      FOURTH
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
EXCEPT PER SHARE
AMOUNTS
<S>                      <C>      <C>      <C>        <C>
Net sales                $931,514 $796,343 $1,072,336 $1,189,115
Gross profit              381,766  326,545    458,362    520,546
Net income                 59,415   40,847     94,270     78,654(A)
Net income per share(b)       .38      .26        .61        .51
<CAPTION>
YEAR  1995                FIRST    SECOND    THIRD      FOURTH
- -------------------------------------------------------------------
IN THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS
EXCEPT PER SHARE
AMOUNTS
<S>                      <C>      <C>      <C>        <C>
Net sales                $867,446 $722,269 $  981,101 $1,119,851
Gross profit              364,085  298,506    408,658    493,144
Net income                 60,633   33,323     82,127    105,836(c)
Net income per share(b)       .35      .19        .51        .68
</TABLE>
- --------
(a) Net income for the fourth quarter and year 1996 included an after-tax loss
    on the sale of Gubor and Sperlari of $35.4 million. Net income per share
    was similarly impacted.
(b) Quarterly income per share amounts for 1996 and 1995 do not total to the
    annual amount due to the changes in weighted average shares outstanding
    during the year.
(c) Net income for the fourth quarter and year 1995 included a net after-tax
    credit of $2.0 million associated with adjustments to accrued
    restructuring reserves. Net income per share was similarly impacted.
 
                                     B-27
<PAGE>
 
                    RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
  Hershey Foods Corporation is responsible for the financial statements and
other financial information contained in this report. The Corporation believes
that the financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles appropriate under the circumstances to reflect
in all material respects the substance of applicable events and transactions.
In preparing the financial statements, it is necessary that management make
informed estimates and judgments. The other financial information in this
annual report is consistent with the financial statements.
 
  The Corporation maintains a system of internal accounting controls designed
to provide reasonable assurance that financial records are reliable for
purposes of preparing financial statements and that assets are properly
accounted for and safeguarded. The concept of reasonable assurance is based on
the recognition that the cost of the system must be related to the benefits to
be derived. The Corporation believes its system provides an appropriate
balance in this regard. The Corporation maintains an Internal Audit Department
which reviews the adequacy and tests the application of internal accounting
controls.
 
  The financial statements have been audited by Arthur Andersen LLP,
independent public accountants, whose appointment was ratified by stockholder
vote at the stockholders' meeting held on April 30, 1996. Their report
expresses an opinion that the Corporation's financial statements are fairly
stated in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, and they
have indicated to us that their examination was performed in accordance with
generally accepted auditing standards which are designed to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.
 
  The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, consisting
solely of non-management directors, meets regularly with the independent
public accountants, internal auditors and management to discuss, among other
things, the audit scopes and results. Arthur Andersen LLP and the internal
auditors both have full and free access to the Audit Committee, with and
without the presence of management.
 
                                     B-28
<PAGE>
 
                   REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
 
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
of Hershey Foods Corporation:
 
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hershey
Foods Corporation (a Delaware Corporation) and subsidiaries as of December 31,
1996 and 1995, and the related consolidated statements of income,
stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 1996, appearing on pages B-9 through B-27. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Corporation's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.
 
  We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.
 
  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of Hershey Foods Corporation
and subsidiaries as of December 31, 1996 and 1995, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 1996, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.
 
/s/ Arthur Andersen
 
New York, New York
January 27, 1997
 
                                     B-29
<PAGE>
 
                           HERSHEY FOODS CORPORATION
 
                   ELEVEN-YEAR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL SUMMARY
 
                ALL DOLLAR AND SHARE AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT
                     MARKET PRICE AND PER SHARE STATISTICS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            10-YEAR
                           COMPOUND
                          GROWTH RATE       1996              1995             1994
                          ----------- ----------------     -----------    --------------
<S>                       <C>         <C>                  <C>            <C>
SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS(a)   
 Net Sales                    9.33%   $      3,989,308       3,690,667         3,606,271
                                      ----------------     -----------    --------------
 Cost of Sales                8.35%   $      2,302,089       2,126,274         2,097,556
 Selling, Marketing and    
  Administrative             11.25%   $      1,124,087       1,053,758         1,034,115
 Restructuring Credit,     
  (Charge) and Gain, Net              $            --              151          (106,105)
 (Loss)/Gain on Sale of    
  Businesses and           
  Investment Interest                 $        (35,352)            --                --
 Interest Expense, Net       19.54%   $         48,043          44,833            35,357
 Income Taxes                 7.42%   $        206,551         184,034           148,919
                                      ----------------     -----------    --------------
 Income from Continuing    
  Operations Before        
  Accounting Changes          9.81%   $        273,186         281,919           184,219
 Net Cumulative Effect     
  of Accounting Changes               $            --              --                --
 Discontinued Operations              $            --              --                --
                                      ----------------     -----------    --------------
 Net Income                   7.48%   $        273,186         281,919           184,219
                                      ================     ===========    ==============
 Income Per Share:(b)      
  From Continuing          
   Operations Before       
   Accounting Changes        12.00%   $           1.77(h)         1.70(i)           1.06(j)
  Net Cumulative Effect    
   of Accounting Changes              $            --              --                --
  Net Income                  9.56%   $           1.77(h)         1.70(i)           1.06(j)
 Weighted Average Shares   
  Outstanding(b)                               153,995         165,687           174,037
 Dividends Paid on         
  Common Stock                8.66%   $         93,884          91,190            89,660
  Per Share(b)               11.32%   $           .760            .685              .625
 Dividends Paid on Class   
  B Common Stock             11.21%   $         20,879          18,900            17,301
  Per Share(b)               11.24%   $           .685            .620             .5675
 Income from Continuing    
  Operations Before        
  Accounting Changes as    
  a Percent of Net Sales                           7.7%(c)         7.6%              7.3%(d)
 Depreciation                14.35%   $        119,443         119,438           114,821
 Advertising                  7.62%   $        174,199         159,200           120,629
 Promotion                   13.36%   $        429,208         402,454           419,164
 Payroll                      7.49%   $        491,677         461,928           472,997
YEAR-END POSITION AND      
 STATISTICS(a)             
 Capital Additions            7.91%   $        159,433         140,626           138,711
 Total Assets                 9.70%   $      3,184,796       2,830,623         2,890,981
 Long-term Portion of      
  Debt                       13.44%   $        655,289         357,034           157,227
 Stockholders' Equity         4.78%   $      1,161,021       1,082,959         1,441,100
 Net Book Value Per        
  Share(b)                    6.51%   $           7.59            7.01              8.31
 Operating Return on       
  Average Stockholders'    
  Equity                                          27.5%           22.2%             18.5%
 Operating Return on       
  Average Invested         
  Capital                                         17.8%           17.1%             15.6%
 Full-time Employees                            14,000          13,300            14,000
STOCKHOLDERS' DATA(b)      
 Outstanding Shares of     
  Common Stock and         
  Class B Common Stock     
  at Year-end                                  152,942         154,532           173,470
 Market Price of Common    
  Stock at Year-end          13.52%   $         43 3/4          32 1/2           24 3/16
 Range During Year                    $51 3/4-31 15/16     33 15/16-24    26 3/4-20 9/16
</TABLE>
- --------
See Notes to the Eleven-Year Consolidated Financial Summary on page B-32.
 
                                      B-30
<PAGE>
 
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     1993                1992            1991            1990                1989             1988            1987
- ---------------     --------------  --------------  ---------------     --------------  ----------------  -------------
<S>                 <C>             <C>             <C>                 <C>             <C>               <C>
      3,488,249          3,219,805       2,899,165        2,715,609          2,420,988         2,168,048      1,863,816
- ---------------     --------------  --------------  ---------------     --------------  ----------------  -------------
      1,995,502          1,833,388       1,694,404        1,588,360          1,455,612         1,326,458      1,149,663
      1,035,519            958,189         814,459          776,668            655,040           575,515        468,062
            --                 --              --            35,540                --                --             --
         80,642                --              --               --                 --                --             --
         26,995             27,240          26,845           24,603             20,414            29,954         22,413
        213,642            158,390         143,929          145,636            118,868            91,615         99,604
- ---------------     --------------  --------------  ---------------     --------------  ----------------  -------------
        297,233            242,598         219,528          215,882            171,054           144,506        124,074
       (103,908)               --              --               --                 --                --             --
            --                 --              --               --                 --             69,443         24,097
- ---------------     --------------  --------------  ---------------     --------------  ----------------  -------------
        193,325            242,598         219,528          215,882            171,054           213,949        148,171
===============     ==============  ==============  ===============     ==============  ================  =============
           1.66(k)            1.34            1.22             1.20(l)             .95               .80            .69
           (.58)               --              --               --                 --                --             --
           1.08(k)            1.34            1.22             1.20(l)             .95              1.19            .82
        179,514            180,373         180,373          180,373            180,373           180,373        180,373
         84,711             77,174          70,426           74,161(f)          55,431            49,433         43,436
           .570               .515            .470             .495(f)            .370              .330           .290
         15,788             14,270          12,975           13,596(f)          10,161             9,097          8,031
          .5175              .4675            .425             .445(f)           .3325             .2975          .2625
            7.4%(e)            7.5%            7.6%             7.2%(g)            7.1%              6.7%           6.7%
        100,124             84,434          72,735           61,725             54,543            43,721         35,397
        130,009            137,631         117,049          146,297            121,182            99,082         97,033
        444,546            398,577         325,465          315,242            256,237           230,187        171,162
        469,564            433,162         398,661          372,780            340,129           298,483        263,529
        211,621            249,795         226,071          179,408            162,032           101,682         68,504
      2,855,091          2,672,909       2,341,822        2,078,828          1,814,101         1,764,665      1,544,354
        165,757            174,273         282,933          273,442            216,108           233,025        280,900
      1,412,344          1,465,279       1,335,251        1,243,537          1,117,050         1,005,866        832,410
           8.06               8.12            7.40             6.89               6.19              5.58           4.61
           17.8%              17.3%           17.0%            16.6%              16.1%             17.5%          19.0%
           15.0%              14.4%           13.8%            13.4%              13.2%             13.3%          13.5%
         14,300             13,700          14,000           12,700             11,800            12,100         10,540
        175,226            180,373         180,373          180,373            180,373           180,373        180,373
         24 1/2             23 1/2         22 3/16           18 3/4           17 15/16                13         12 1/4
27 15/16-21 3/4     24 3/16-19 1/8  22 1/4-17 9/16  19 13/16-14 1/8     18 7/16-12 3/8  14 5/16-10 15/16  18 7/8-10 3/8
<CAPTION>
  1986
- ----------
<C>
1,635,486
- ----------
1,032,061
  387,227
      --
      --
    8,061
  100,931
- ----------
  107,206
      --
   25,558
- ----------
  132,764
==========
      .57
      --
      .71
  187,017
   40,930
     .260
    7,216
     .236
      6.6%
   31,254
   83,600
  122,508
  238,742
   74,452
1,262,332
  185,676
  727,941
     4.04
     18.2%
     13.5%
   10,210
  180,373
  12 5/16
 15-7 3/4
</TABLE>
 
                                      B-31
<PAGE>
 
            NOTES TO THE ELEVEN-YEAR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL SUMMARY
 
(a) All amounts for years prior to 1988 have been restated for discontinued
    operations, where applicable. Operating Return on Average Stockholders'
    Equity and Operating Return on Average Invested Capital have been computed
    using Net Income, excluding the 1988 gain on disposal included in
    Discontinued Operations, the 1993 Net Cumulative Effect of Accounting
    Changes, and the after-tax impacts of the 1990 Restructuring Gain, Net,
    the 1993 Gain on Sale of the Investment Interest in Freia Marabou a.s
    (Freia), the 1994 Restructuring Charge, the net 1995 Restructuring Credit
    and the 1996 Loss on Sale of Businesses.
 
(b) All shares and per share amounts have been adjusted for the two-for-one
    stock split effective September 13, 1996.
 
(c) Calculated percent excludes the 1996 Loss on Sale of Businesses. Including
    the loss, Income from Continuing Operations Before Accounting Changes as a
    Percent of Net Sales was 6.8%.
 
(d) Calculated percent excludes the 1994 Restructuring Charge. Including the
    charge, Income from Continuing Operations Before Accounting Changes as a
    Percent of Net Sales was 5.1%.
 
(e) Calculated percent excludes the 1993 Gain on Sale of Investment Interest
    in Freia. Including the gain, Income from Continuing Operations Before
    Accounting Changes as a Percent of Net Sales was 8.5%.
 
(f) Amounts included a special dividend for 1990 of $11.2 million or $.075 per
    share of Common Stock and $2.1 million or $.0675 per share of Class B
    Common Stock.
 
(g) Calculated percent excludes the 1990 Restructuring Gain, Net. Including
    the gain, Income from Continuing Operations Before Accounting Changes as a
    Percent of Net Sales was 7.9%.
 
(h) Income Per Share from Continuing Operations Before Accounting Changes and
    Net Income Per Share for 1996 included a $.23 per share loss on the sale
    of the Gubor and Sperlari businesses. Excluding the impact of this loss,
    Income Per Share from Continuing Operations Before Accounting Changes and
    Net Income Per Share would have been $2.00.
 
(i) Income Per Share from Continuing Operations Before Accounting Changes and
    Net Income Per Share for 1995 included a net $.01 per share credit
    associated with adjustments to accrued restructuring reserves. Excluding
    the impact of this net credit, Income Per Share from Continuing Operations
    Before Accounting Changes and Net Income Per Share would have been $1.69.
 
(j) Income Per Share from Continuing Operations Before Accounting Changes and
    Net Income Per Share for 1994 included a $.46 per share restructuring
    charge. Excluding the impact of this charge, Income Per Share from
    Continuing Operations Before Accounting Changes and Net Income Per Share
    would have been $1.52.
 
(k) Income Per Share from Continuing Operations Before Accounting Changes and
    Net Income Per Share for 1993 included a $.23 per share gain on the sale
    of the investment interest in Freia. Excluding the impact of this gain,
    Income Per Share from Continuing Operations Before Accounting Changes
    would have been $1.43.
 
(l) Income Per Share from Continuing Operations Before Accounting Changes and
    Net Income Per Share for 1990 included an $.11 per share Restructuring
    Gain, Net. Excluding the impact of this gain, Income Per Share from
    Continuing Operations Before Accounting Changes and Net Income Per Share
    would have been $1.08.
 
                                     B-32




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

                                                             EXHIBIT 21




                           SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT



     The  following  is a listing  of  Subsidiaries  of the  Corporation,  their
jurisdictions of incorporation,  and the name under which they do business. Each
is wholly owned.  Certain  subsidiaries are not listed since,  considered in the
aggregate  as a single  subsidiary,  they  would not  constitute  a  significant
subsidiary as of December 31, 1996.



                                                       Jurisdiction of
                Name of Subsidiary                      Incorporation
                ------------------                      -------------

             Christiana, Inc.                             Delaware
             Hershey Canada Inc.                          Canada
             Hershey Holding Corporation                  Delaware
             Homestead, Inc.                              Delaware
             Huhtamaki, Inc.                              Delaware
             Leaf, Inc.                                   Delaware



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
<TEXT>

                                                                      EXHIBIT 23







                    CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

     As independent public  accountants,  we hereby consent to the incorporation
of our reports dated January 27, 1997,  included or incorporated by reference in
this Form 10-K for the year ended  December  31,  1996,  into the  Corporation's
previously filed Registration Statements on Forms S-8 and S-3, (File No.
33-45431, File No. 33-45556 and File No. 33- 51089).




                               ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

New York, New York
March 17, 1997
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>12/31/96 FDS
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THIS SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM HERSHEY 
FOODS CORPORATION'S CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET AS OF DECEMBER 31, 1996
AND CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME FOR THE TWELVE MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
1996 AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>

<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1996
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1996
<CASH>                                          61,422
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  294,606<F1>
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0
<INVENTORY>                                    474,978
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               986,229
<PP&E>                                       2,422,702
<DEPRECIATION>                                 820,807
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                               3,184,796
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          817,274
<BONDS>                                        655,289
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                       179,950
<OTHER-SE>                                     981,071
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                 3,184,796
<SALES>                                      3,989,308
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                             3,989,308
<CGS>                                        2,302,089
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                3,426,176
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                35,352
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              48,043
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                479,737
<INCOME-TAX>                                   206,551
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            273,186
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                   273,186
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.77
<EPS-DILUTED>                                        0
<FN>
<F1> Balance is net of Reserves for Doubtful Accounts and Cash Discounts.
</FN>
        




</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
